
--- Page 1 ---
SOUTHERN REGIONAL EDUCATION BOARD
Established 1949 Under Interstate Compact
ATLANTA 9, GEORGIA
TELEPHONE TRINITY 6-6781
881 PEACHTREE STREET, N. E.
ALABAMA ARKANSAS DELAWARE FLORIDA GEORGIA KENTUCKY LOUISIANA MARYLAND MISSISSIPPI NORTH CAROLINA
OKLAHOMA SOUTH CAROLINA TENNESSEE TEXAS VIRGINIA WEST VIRGINIA
MEMORAHDUX
To: Presidents, Colleges and Universities, Southern Region
From: Robert C. Anderson, Director
Date : October 20, 1958
Subject: NATIONAL DEFENSE EDUCATION ACT
Recently, at the request of the United States Office of Education, I met
with Dr. Homer Babbidge of the Division of Higher Education, and with
officials of the other two regional Compact agencies, to discuss plans of
the Office for the administration of certain titles of the National Defense
Education Act. Dr. Babbidge has been given staff responsibility for the
titles which are of direct concern to higher institutions : Title II, Loans
to Students; Title IV, National Defense Fellowships; Title V, Part B,
Counselling and Guidance Institutes; and Title VI, Language Development.
I also talked, at that time, with Dr. Roy Hall of the Division of Research
and Statistical Services, whose office is in charge of administering Title
VII, Research and Experimentation in Television, etc.
With the concurrence of officials of the U. S. Office, I should like to pass
along to you certain information reported at that meeting.
1. Dr. Babbidge and Dr. Hall are in the process of employing staff
members to assist in the implementation of the Titles for which they have
responsibility. A recognized authority in each field will head each program.
Announcements of these appointments should be forthcoming in the near future.
2. The General Counsel has been asked to rule on certain legal
questions concerning some of the titles. Implementation of the Act must
await these legal decisions. Certain policy decisions, left to the dis-
cretion of the United States Commissioner and, in the case of Title VII,
to an Advisory Commission, must also be made before action can be taken.
3. Dr. Babbidge plans a series of regional conferençes to interpret
and disseminate information about the Titles for which he is responsible.
Two of these will probably be held in the South : perhaps in Atlanta. and
Dallas, where the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare has regional
offices. The region served by the Charlottesville office will probably be
included in a regional conference in Washington. College and university
officials would be invited by the U. S. Office to attend these conferences.

--- Page 2 ---
- - 4
2.
The three regional Compact agencies : the SREB, the New England
Board of Higher Education, and the Western Interstate Commission on Higher
Education, may be asked to co-sponsor these conferences with the U. S.
Office. If so, the role of the regional agency would simply be that of
service to the Office and to the institutions : the regional agency would
play no part in the administration of the Act or in institutional or state
decisions with regard to it.
It is anticipated that these conferences will be held in November,
if the legal and policy decisions relating especially to Titles II and IV
have been made by that time.
4. Dr. Babbidge and Dr. Lloyd Blauch, Assistant Commissioner for
Higher Education, assured me that no action would be taken under any of the
higher education titles until after the regional conferences were completed.
They are most anxious to insure full understanding of the several titles by
all interested institutions before commitments are made to any institution
or individual. Because of the lack of staff, visits and telephone calls
to the Office by individual institutions for information about the. Act will
probably be of little help and might actually delay the implementation of
the program.
5. I suggested to both Dr. Babbidge and Dr. Hall that many Southern
institutions would also be interested in the provisions of Title VII, and
requested that & representative of Dr. Hall's office be present, if possible,
at each of the regional conferences.
If the SREB is asked to help with the Southern Regional Conferences,
we will keep you posted on plans. Otherwise, you will be notified about
details of the conferences by the U. S. Office, but probably not until after
November 1.
You have, I am sure, received copies of the Act, and of pamphlets
summarizing the Act. We have found another publication most helpful in our
study of the Act: a committee print entitled "The National Defense
Education Act of 1958, A Summary and Analysis of the Act Prepared by the
Staff of the Committee on Labor and Public Welfare, United States Senate."
Copies may be obtained from the Superintendent of Documents, U. S. Government
Printing Office, or from your Congressman.
-
. Ay dersou
Robert C. Anderson
5/
RCA:is
