
--- Page 1 ---
ANDREWS UNIVERSITY

Berrien Springs, Michigan
March 14, 1963
TO ALL S.D.A. MUSIC TEACHERS
Dear Colleagues:
This is to announce that Andrews University will be offering graduate
work in music beginning with the summer session of 1963. The General
Conference Department of Education and the Board of Trustees have
authorized the Department of Music to give graduate work primarily
for music teachers in our own Seventh-day Adventist schools.
The MASTER OF MUSIC EDUCATION degree is a 30 semester hour program
designed for music teachers who wish to do graduate work in music and
at the same time secure or renew state and/or denominational teacher
certification. This degree may also serve as a step in achieving the
Doctor of Music Education, Doctor of Education, or the Doctor of
Philosophy degree.
In the M. Mus. Ed. degree, approximately one-fourth of the hours may be
taken in music education courses and in courses offered by the Department
of Education. The remaining hours are divided among the fields of Music
History and Literature, Theory and Composition, Applied Music Study, and
Bibliography and Research. These hours will be chosen from the areas
which will contribute most to the attainment of the individual student's
goals. State and/or denominational certification is an integral part
of the program. Although a thesis is not required, the student may re-
ceive up to 5 hours credit for a thesis.
Six hours of graduate credit may be transferred from another university.
The program is planned sO that a student may complete all of the require-
ments for the M. Mus. Ed. degree in. four summer school sessions, or in
two semesters plus one summer term.
Special courses are planned dealing with the problems and challenges of
music education in Seventh-day Adventist schools. These courses will be
taught by experienced and dedicated S.D.A. teachers and can be had only on
the Andrews University campus. In addition to the formal classwork, much
can be gained through an exchange of ideas and experiences with other
Seventh-day Adventist music teachers from schools throughout the country.
The Master of Music Education degree is similar to the Master of Arts in
Teaching degree offered in other departments of Andrews University. The
MASTER OF ARTS degree with a major in music will also be offered. The
general requirements are the same as for the M. Mus. Ed. degree except
that a total of eight hours may be selected from departments other than
Music and Education.

--- Page 2 ---
The tuition cost per semester hour is $15.00. Housing for single and
married students is available at a reasonable rate in the new Garland
Apartments. These apartments are completely furnished and are located
on the University campus. Apartments and rooms are also available in
off-campus locations. There are also public and private trailer parks
near the institution, Part and full-time employment opportunities are
usually available on the campus and in the community and near-by cities.
Travel allowances and subsidies are available for those who qualify for
this assistance. Scholarship help is also available.
You will enjoy the local attractions and recreational advantages of
Southwestern Michigan. Andrews University is only 12 miles from the
expansive beaches on Lake Michigan and the famous Lake Michigan sand dune
area. State park and private camping facilities are located on the
beaches and in the wooded areas near Lake Michigan.
Two hours of driving time takes one to a number of interesting places
in the Chicago area including The Art Institute, The Museum of Science
and Industry, The Museum of Natural History, The Adler Planetarium and
Acquarium, The Oriental Institute, and the Brookfield and Lincoln Park
ZoOS. Free symphony orchestra concerts are presented several times a
week in Chicago's Grant Park on the lake-front.
This is your opportunity to study with a selected music staff including
guest professors from other Seventh-day Adventist colleges. If you are
interested in more information concerning the graduate music program at
Andrews University, please indicate this on the enclosed post card. A
1963-64 Andrews University School of Graduate Studies bulletin will be
mailed to you as soon as they are ready for distribution. If you have
any specific questions or observations, please indicate them on the post-
card. You will receive a prompt and full reply.
Sincerely yours,
Paule Kamel
Paul E. Hamel, Chairman
Department of Music
