
--- Page 1 ---
October 29, 1961
Miss Prudence Ortner
Campion Academy
Loveland, Colorado
Dear Prudence:
We appreciate your. letter of October 18. Your decision to leave
Campion next year represents a major step for you inasmuch as
you have been there so long. We believe, however, for your own
sake that it is the best that you could have done.
Frankly we are very anxious that you come our way. Should you
join our Secretarial Department, we feel ire would be blessed with
three of the finèst teachers that could be brought togethe r. You
would very, much appreciate working with Charles Read and also
getting a cquainted with Norma Kellams.
The plan is to present your name to our College Board at our board
meeting the eleventh of November. A call will be initiated at that
time and you should receive it shortiy thereafter. We sincerely
hope that you will respond favorably.
Our fall weather has been delightful. Somewhat dry, but the
atmosphere could not have been improved upon. The colors in the
trees are so beautiful and all in al1 this is a very lovely
valley to live in.
Our enrollment stands at about 746 with an increase this year of
over 20 per cent. Our new ladies home is filled to capicity with
girls living in the infirmary. From all appearances it seems that
we must add the other wing next summer.
It would be a pleasure to work with you on this campus and we hope
that during the next few weeks you will give serious thought to
this matter and we, too, wi1l remember you as you contemplate the
decision to make.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M, Schneider
Academic Dean
g1

--- Page 2 ---
Campion Academy
Loveland, Colorado
October 18, 1961
Wilbert M. Schneider, Academic Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dean Schneider:
Your letter at this time of the year came as a bit of a
shock--I think I have recovered sufficiently, at last,
to compose a reply!
My answer at this time is that I have the decision made
to leave Campion, and this was pretty well accomplished
before school began this fall. So far, I think this has
been the biggest block to any move.
I hope the Lord continues to guide, as I know He will if
asked, and impresses with the right decision for next
year. I would be interested in hearing from you further.
Sincerely yours,
dires
Prudence Ortner
