
--- Page 1 ---
January 12, 1962
Mi sS Prudence Ortner
Campion Acadesy
Loveland, Colorado
Dear Prudence:
Thank you kindly for your letter of January 8 in which you
state that you wi1l be joining your kin at La Sierra College.
I know that Irene will be very happy to have you work in the
department at La Sierra and we also know that you will feel
very satisfied in working with her there at the college.
Frankly I an sorry that you wi1l not be coming this way.
The call which was voted by our Board had not been placed
to date inasmuch as we were. faced with a problem which had
not yet been resolved. It was our thought that Miss
Brickman would be 62 years of age this year and because of
it she could draw both Social Security and Sustentation
after retiring. Our records in the office were proved
incorrect and she will not be 62 for another year. We
have been giving study to the problem of using her part
time in the Secretarial Science Department and part time
elsewhere but this had not yet materialized.
As things stand now, it seems to me that we will try to
get along another year with the present personne. 1 in the
department. Miss Kellams is doing a good job and, of
course, you know that Charles Read would be a very acceptable
head of the department. Perhaps it wi1l be possibie for us
to work together sometime in the future. We wish you well
as you go to La Sierra and, of course, it will be nice to be
working with some of your own kin. Irene will be very nice
to work with.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
g1

--- Page 2 ---
Campion Academy
Loveland, Colorado
January 8, 1962
Dean Wilbert M. Schneider
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Wilbert:
Thank you for your letter which attempted to answer and did
answer many of my little groundless questions. I can see how
some things just have to work out--and they will as time goes
by.
Your letter stated a call was on the way, so I was pla ming
to reply as soon as it came. In the meantime, several things
expected and' unexpected have transpired. I feel the picture is
rounded out enough now to make a final decision. Your call
still has not come through and I hope to save stenographers'
and everyone's t ime it can be dropped until you cons: ider other
names.
As things stand now, I am thinking in terms of giving Irene a
hand. They have been very patient with me for quite a few terms
and I hope we can work out an arrangement that will be mutually
beneficial. I am expect ing it to be.
Please know again how much I appreciate your conf: idence in
writ: ing again this year. Charles really is a fine fellow and
with the addition of Norma Ke llams last year, you have the best
part of a super department. I know you would want to know my
decision as soon as possible in order to contact someone to fill
your other vacancy.
Sincerely yours,
