
--- Page 1 ---
November 17, 1964
Dr.J. Paul Stauffer, Dean
Losa Linda University
Loma Linda, California 92354
Dear Doctor Stauffer:
We would be most happy to have you visit Souther Missionazy College
on any df the three days you mentioned in your letter of November 11.
Our students will be returning to campus on the fifth of January. Con-
sequently, I think it mighe be better for you to plan to come the seventh
aE eighth if this works into your itinerary. As soon as I hear from you
relative to a definite date, Iwinl be most happy to set up any appoint-
ments for you with student or faculty groups as you desixe.
I, too, shall look forward to meeting you and discussing some of the
developments in the graduate program at Loma Linda University.
I am extremely interested in the proposed program in Social Work
and would like to discuss this with you while you are on campus.
We shall look forward to seeing you in January.
Very sincerely yours,
J. W. Cassell, Jr.
Academic Dean
g

--- Page 2 ---
LOMA LINDA UNIVERSITY
LOMA LINDA
CALIFORNIA
GRADUATE SCHOOL
9 2 3 5 4
OFFICE OF THE: DEAN
November 11, 1964
Dean John W. Cassell
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Cassell:
Late in December I will be attending a meeting in New York City. Since
I will not be too far from Southern Miss ionary College during the first
week after the Christ tmas recess, I should like very much to visit the
college in the hope of meeting students who are interested, or who might t
become interested, in advanced study in the Graduate School at Loma Linda.
I would also very much like to meet teachers in the areas whose graduates
might appropriately look this way.
Would you find it possible to allow me that opportunity on January 6, or 7,
or 8? My itinerary is flexible enough so that any one of these days is as
good as another for me.
I find that able students in our colleges are often bewildered about the
choice of a graduate school and very i1l informed about graduate oppor-
tunities, both inside the denomination and out. I suspect that often
even faculty members are not very knowledgeable about what we are develop-
ing in our own universities. Possibly we can encourage several of your
1965 graduates to consider seriously the programs that are now available
in the Graduate School at Loma Linda.
May, I hear from you about an acceptable time for a visit? I shall look
forward to meeting you, Dr. Cassell, and discussing with you some of the
developments in our Graduate School, and I would find it possible to renew
my acquaintance with the beautiful campus of Southern Missionary College.
Very sincerely yours,
J. Paul Stauffer, Dean
JPS: gdb
