
--- Page 1 ---
April 13, 1964
Mr.J.A. Shepard, Principal
Greater Miami Academy
3100 N.W. 18th Avenue
Miami 42, Florida
Dear Jim:
Doctor Kennedy referred your letter of February 27 to me in which
you inquire about the possibility of extension work on your campus
using your personnel. As I mentioned to you at Bass, I have had some
interest in this type of thing but the Southern Accrediting Assoclation
cautions colleges to go very slowly and carefully in terms of setting up
such programs. . I do want to glve this some study looking toward the
time when we might be able to do some of this type of work in our
stronger academies.
I believe an enrichment program can be an aid to challenging the
brighter student. Eventually we may be able to provide this opportunity
for the students in our academies. Iwould like to work with the academy
principals in the coming years who have an interest in this type of
program looking forward to a satisfactory arrangement with the college.
We will have to move slowly, however, and it would be impossible for
me to make any kind of a commitment at this time. Be assured, however,
that I am not going to let the matter drop should the interest continue.
I appreciated the opportunity of getting better acquainted with you at
Bass Memorial Academy. Best wishes to you for the remainder of
the school year .
Very sincerely yours,
J. W. Cassell, Jr.
Academic Dean
gl

--- Page 2 ---
Greater Miami Hcademy
3100 N. W. 18TH AVENUE
MIAMI 42, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE NE 5-6615
OFFICE OF THE PRINCIPAL
February 27, 1964
Dr. K.M. Kennedy
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Kennedy:
Our school board is wondering about the possibility of
qualified persons in schools such as this giving what
might be classified as extension courses for which
college credit could be given. I refer to such things
as art and practice teaching. We feel Miss Anne Lowe
coul.d serve in this capacity of student teacher super-
visor. Mr. Bill Read who has taught art at Columbia
Union and Maryland University is now my eighth grade
teacher. Some of the other teachers are taking an art
class under him. It would be good if they conld get
credit for this, but of ourse this is not as important
as the certification needs. If such a thing is possible
please inform us of the steps to take to bring it about.
Please answer anot ther question for me. Is there any
particular rule to follow as to who uses what in their
Consecration, Baccalaureate, or graduation address. I
refer to the use of aim, motto, etc. No one seems to
know, consequently there is confusion and over use.
We are having an excellent school year. The program is
running smoothly and both students and faculty are cO-
operative. We will have a full scale evaluation next
year and hope for G.C. accreditation.
Sincerely,
J. A. Shepard
Aphued
/DLA
- Szs
LL
CLLL ee
LooR
- -
