
--- Page 1 ---
November 8, 1964
Mr.J.A. Shepard
Mount Pisgah Academy
Candler, North Carolina 28715
Dear Jim:
I was very interested in your recent letber regarding Fzed Knight's evaluntion
of himself as an organizational leader. In fact, I was so concered that Dean
Davis and I talked to Fred personally about this. We did not tell him how we
got the information and I am sure he is completely unaware of how the infor-
mation came to me. After my conversation with Fred, however, Inote some
of his complaints concerning the administration theze last year were probably
valid.
I was very much concerned about his statement to the National Merit
Scholarship Corporation regarding this problem since I did not feel it was
something that would be d interest to them nor of any value to them. Fred
admitted that he had probably used poor judgment in using this as an escample
of his leadership capabilities. I believe he could see that this was a totally
negative approach and might even work against him in the scholarship com -
petition. Iquestioned him about the "Young Americans for Freedom Group"
on our campus and he informed me that this was a Barry Goldwater conser-
vative type organization which he was sponsoring. He assures me that it has
nothing to do with any effort to promote antl-administration group on this
campus. This we will have to watch closely.
I am sorry to hear that someone at Pisgah has done such a thorough job of
talking the school down. Iwould be most happy to come for a chapel talk
whenever it would work into your program. We are going to make an effort
this year anyway to send administrative officers ouE to the academies to talk
to students about the academic quality of the institution, the offerings, work
possibilities, etc, We believe that students are not 80 concerned anymore
about promotional ballyhoo, but are more concerned about a good college
that can offer some financial assistance and a high academic standard. Let
us know when a visit would work intoyour program.
Best wishes to you.
Sincerely yours,
J. W. Cassell, Jr.
de
Academic Dean

--- Page 2 ---
MOUNT
PISGAH
ACADEMY
Candler, North Carolina 28715
Telephone 667-2535
OFFICE OF THE PRINCIPAL
Nov. 2, 1964
Dr. Jack Cassell
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear friend:
We filled out the necessary papers for Fred Knight to the best
of our ability. It will be interesting to see how he does on
the next test.
I thought you might be interested in his evaluation of himself
as an organizational leader. I quote from his statement:
"Last year, at Mt. Pisgah Academy, I was a leader in the organi-
sation of a campaign to change certain authoritarian institutional
policies. Because of strong suppression by the school administra-
tion of any dissenting opinion, the campaign was, of necessity
unofficial. It was largely responsible for a few desirable policy
changes during the school year and partly responsible for an almost
complete change of administration accompanie d by extensive, desir-
able changes of policy at the end of the school year."
He stated further that he was now organizing a "Young Americans
for Freedom" group on your campus. Watch your step, your days
may be numbered!2
I spoke to F leming the other day about a need for some pep
speeches for Collegedale on our Campus. Someone has done a
fairly thorough job of talking the school down. We would be
happy to have you come for a chapel to get equal time in play-
ing up its excellent qualities.
Sincerely,
J. A. Shepard
"WHERE LAND AND SKY JOIN TO LIFT HEARTS HEAVENWARD"
