
--- Page 1 ---
December 15, 1964
Mr. & Mrs. Stanley Showalter
208 1/2 Courtland Street
Dowaglac, Michigan
Dear Stanley and Jeannine:
It was good to receive your Christmas greetings and to learn of your
present employment and your plans for graduate education. I often
think of you folks and remember the many good conversations we had
from time to time. Jeanmine I especially remember our tropical fish
club and wander whether you axe still an avid aquarist (eic).
Stanley, I am very pleased to learn that you aze continuing your graduate
work and hope that you will keep right on after your master's degree and
work toward a doctorate in education. We used to think we had too many
doctorates in education, but believe me it is becoming increasingly
difficult to find qualified people to teach in the field and carry admini-
strative responsibilities. In fact, we are in need of a man in secondary
education right now but have been unable to find a person well qualified.
I am sorry you did not make it to SMC last summer on your vacation,
but should you be coming our away again, be sure to drop in and see us. .
Best wishes to you both for a happy holiday season and a most prosperous
new year.
Very sincerely yours,
J. W. Cassell, Jr.
Academic Dean
gl

--- Page 2 ---
2085 Courtloud Sh
Ayowagae mick
L a
M
hhiimas
December 10, 1964
Greetings!
Believe it or not, we often think of you with greai t fondness and
wonder how you a re liking your work at Southern; I can tel 1 you
this--you are missed up here (good men always are AF TER they a re
gone).
We are doing well; Jean is going into her second year of teaching,
I into my thi rd. She teaches science, and I teach English and
speech.
Last summer I managed to ki1l a thi rd of my- masters (in education
probably with a major in curriculum and supervi sion), and we will
both take crack: S at graduate work this summer.
We heard you were in the vicini ty, but knew you ha d too many
people to see to squeeze us in. But our thoughts ar e with you,
anyway.
We almost, visited SMC last summer on our vaçation, but time and
dough ran short, so we pos tponed it for another time.
Have a wonderfu lholiday season!
Hhalb
- eanmene
