
--- Page 1 ---
August 8, 1965
Mr. Willard F. Shadel
University of Washington
Seattle 5, Washington
Dear Professor Shadel:
Iwas delighted to receive your letter of August 2 and to learn that
it would be possible for you to address our students sometime in
October or November enroute to the Radio-T.V.1 News directors'
national meeting in Tampa, Florida.
I would agree with Betty that your concer relative to the boardcast
newrs product would definitely be of interest to our students. In
fact, I would appreciate hearing from you again as soon as your
dates for the meeting in Tampa are firmed up. I could then work
out a definite assembly date.
Our assemblies come at 7:30 a.m. on Tuesday and Thursday
mornings. This is rather a ridiculous hour to be up and about,
but we have found that it works best with our work-study program.
at Southern Missionary College. Of course, if you were staying
over night with Chic and Betty, I imagine this could be worked out
satisfactorily.
I shall look forward to hearing from you further regarding the
dates that you would be in Collegedale,
Most sincerely yours,
J. W. Cassell, Jr.
Academic Dean

--- Page 2 ---
University of Washington
School of Communications
Seattle 5
August 2, 1965
J. W. Cassell, Jr.
Office of the Academic Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dean Cassell:
I have just returned from a six week vacation tour in time
to meet my sister and niece returning from Bangkok.
I have discussed with Betty your suggestion of a possible
lecture on occasion of some stop-over at Collegedale. She seems to
think my concern over improving the broadcast news product might be
of interest to your students, against a background of covering
national and international events, from World War II to the Astronauts.
I had planned a visit to Collegedale in October or November enroute
to the Radio-TV news directors' national meeting in Tampa, Florida. If
the above subject would be of interest to you perhaps we could get
together. In any event, I am pleased to have your inyitation.
Sincerely,
W41 Mérd F. Shadel
Pbofèssof
WFS: :mh
