
--- Page 1 ---
October 28, 1964
Mrs. Christine Shultz, R.N.
Director, School of Nursing
Stoneham 80, Massachusetts
Dear Mrs. Shultz:
Iam sorry for the delay in my response to your letter of October 15.
The individual with whom I needed to check was out of town and has
just returned.
Ifind that we do maintain the student records from the school of nursing
that was previously operated on the Orlando campus. We do not make
provision at the present time, however, for the school of nursing graduates
to join the College Alumni Association. As least we can find no record df
this. However, we are planning to recommend to the Alumni Executive
Committee that these individuals receive either full membership or
assoclate membership in the college alumni association. I believe this
is very important. I agree with you that the Alumni Association will be
a dying organization unless it has some on-going program with which to
connect. Iwould strongly urge that the Atlantic Union College Alumni
Association give serious consideration to making your grraduates either
members on: associate members. I am sure this is what will happen
here,
I trust things are going well in the change from the school of nursing
program to the Associate in Arts program. As you may have heard,
we axe planning to start an Associate in Axts or an Associate in Science
program on the Madison campus to be connected with Southem Missionary
College. This way we will have both programs which will enable a student
to choose whether he wants to spend the four years in a collegiate program
or take a two-year associate program. At the present time our target date
is the fall of 1965.
Best wishes to you in this period of transition.
Sincerely yours,
J. W. Cassell, Jr.
Academic Dean
g

--- Page 2 ---
NEw ENGLAND SANITARIUM AND HOSPITAL
STONEHAM 80, MASSACHUSETTS
TELEPHONE NORMANDY 5-1740
SCHOOL OF NURSING
October 15, 1964
John W. Cassells, Ph.D.
Academic Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Doctor Cassells:
I do not know whether or not you are aware of what is
happening to nursing education in New England. Our long-
established School of Nursing at the New England Sanitarium
and Hospital will be closing its doors in December 1965,
and the nursing program will be conducted at Atlantic Union
College where it has already been started this year.
Since you have had experience in somewhat similar
situations I would like to have your help. Did the college
assume responsibility for the student records from the school
of mursing? Did you make provision for the school of nursing
graduates to join the College Alumni Association? If so, how
was this done? As it is, the Alumni Association will be a
dying organization, and the Alumni here are very concerned
about what will happen.
Thank you very much for whatever assistance you may be
able to give me in this matter.
Sincerely,
(Mrs.) Christine Shultz, R. N.
Director, School of Nursing
CS:fw
