
--- Page 1 ---
)
September 12, 1962
-
Chairman
Department of Modern Languages
University of Southern California
Los Angeles, Ca lifornia
Dear Sir:
Last year one of our graduates, Mr. Paul Holden, was made
happy when he received a three-year government scholarship
through your institution under the National Defense Act
which will assist hin in working toward or completing his
work for the doctorate degree in the field of Spanish. We
were all confident that Mr. Holden could make a contribution
in this area inasmuch as he was linguistically inclined. His
scholastic program on our campus was very satisfactory.
It is not the intent of this letter to have you retract oie
rescind-t the three-year contract involving scholarship funds for
Mr. Holden, but we considered it necessary to report certain
matters to your that have come to our attention. Whatever
wish to do in regard to Mr. Holden's program wiil be entirely you
up to you.
It has become quite obvious to some of us that Mr. Holden lacks
a considerable degree of maturity, but we had hoped that in the
course of time he would grow up and be a man. As your records
show, Mr. Holden is married and has two littie boys born
approximately a year ago. This summes r while participating in
the Language Field School conducted in Mexico Jointly with
Pacific Union College, Angwin, California, Mr. Holden became
involved with a young lady from California. The matter has
grown more sexious every day and of coarse has broken the
heart of a very wonderful lady. Mrs. Holden has always been
a very puxposeful lady and perhaps was the most aggressive of
the two, Everyone has appreciated Mrs. Holden and the conduct
of Mr. Holden has been observed with mch disdain. We are
much distressed and of course embarrassed inasmch as werwould very
never have recomended a student with such inclination.
During the course ef the summer, it became necessary for the
tea chers in charge of the summez Language Schooi to send the
young lady to her home in Glendai le, California, This,
did not stop communication between them. The young lady however, seems
to be intent on brealting up the home. Letters have been exbhanged,

--- Page 2 ---
Cha irman, Department of Modern Languages (Cont'd)
2
several of which have been intercepted by Mrs. Holden to her
regret and hurt. There seems to be littie doubt concerning
the immoral involvement of the young lady from Califomia.
We are reporting the incident to you in order that you may be
enlightened conceming your graduate student, Mr. Paul Holden.
Perhaps you will wish to give coasideration to the problem
with your colleagues. In any event I am susze that all of us
are agreed that government funds should not be used to educate
a young man who has demonstrated so littie maturity and sociai
concern. A* least we would prefer that OuE tax soney goi to
individuals leading noble lives.
We will be pleased to heas from you conceming the outcome of
the case.
Very sincexely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
gl
