
--- Page 1 ---
THE COLLEGE OF MEDICAL EVANGELISTS
LOMA LINDA ANDI LOS. ANGELES
1720 BROOKLYN AVENUE, LOS ANGELES 33, CALIFORNIA
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DEPARTMENT OF PHYSICAL MEDICINE
R. A. Underhill, Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dean Underhill:
The College of Medical Evangelists announces a curriculum in Occupational
Therapy. Students at the Junior level will be accepted if they meet the
S
following
pre-requisites:
Academic Requirements:
Subject
Semester Hours
English
6
Speech
3
Psychology
6
Religion
8
Physical Education
2
Chemistry or Physics
5
Biological Sciences
12
*History
6
*To. receive a Degree in California, a. student must have
American Institutions and California Governme ent. Qualifying exams
may be taken by out-of-state students.
Personal Requirements: :
An Occupational Therapist must be above average in emotional
stability and personality adjustment to be able to work with patients
in all walks of life. Letters of personal and scholastic reference
are required as part of admission procedure.
Professional education in Occupational Therapy will be on the Loma Linda Campus
of the College of Medical Evangelists. Two years at Loma Linda and nine months of
clinical affiliation are required to qualify a student for a Bachelor of Science Degree.
At this time students will write the National Registration Examination necessary for
professional practice of Occupational Therapy.

--- Page 2 ---
Occupational Therapy
2
The first class is being accepted for September, 1959. Only a limited numbe er
of qualified students will be accepted this first yearo
Would you please give this information to students who may be interested or
qualified for the pro fession of Occupational Therapy? There will be more information
forthcoming. Therefore, I would appreciate it if you would send me the names of persons
I should be in contact with regarding recruitment and guidance.
Thank you for your assistance at this time.
Edwinna Marshall, 0.T.R.
Educational Director
Occupa tional Therapy Curriculum
EM:W
