
--- Page 1 ---
February 22, 1960
Mr. D. C. Duffield, Treasurer
Christ tian Record
Benevolent Association, Inc.
3705 South 48th Street
Lincoin 6, Nebraska
Dear Brother Duffield:
Thank you for your good letter of February 17. I sha1l reply
concerning the specific names for which you ask information.
The re seems to be a great demand of secretarial he 1p these
days.
Ann e1liott prefers to get a teaching job. Joan McIntyre
has already accepted employment in California. Amy Bushne1l
is planning to be married in June and go to Walla Walla with
her husband. That seems to be the story on the names you
mentioned. We have quite a large number of young men com-
pleting the course in Business this year. However, I am
not sure that any of them have typing and shorthand in
which case they would not meet your need. In this case
it does not seem that we would have anyone that would meet
your requirements, since it involves both accounting and
shorthand and typing. We are certainly sorry we can not
recommend someone to you, but there just seems to be no
one left with those particular requirements.
Thanking you for your inquiry, I am
Sincerely your brother,
G. E. Shanke. 1
Academic Dean
rn

--- Page 2 ---
SINCE 1899
IN THE SERVICE
OF THE BLIND
B
A SSOCIA
Chmatankecond
ENEVOLENT
TION. Inc.
3705 SOUTH 48TH STREET . LINCOLN 6, NEBRASKA
PUBLISHERS OF FREE LITERATURE FOR THE BLIND
February 17, 1960
D. C. DUFFIELD, TREASURER
G. E. Shankel
Academic Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Mr. Shankel:
We have on hand your 1960 list of graduates which was
sent to us recently. We would appreciate it if you could send
us a little more information on Ann Elliott, Joan McIntyre, and
Amy Bushnell regarding their qualifications in the field of
ookkeeper-secretary-Heceptionist combination.
I will give you a brief idea of what we have in mind and
in case you know of some other person who might meet the
qualifications, we would like information on her as well. The
Bookkeeping would occupy approximately three-fourths of the
time. This would consist of keeping the ledgers and journals,
taking care of weekly reports from district representatives,
figuring Social Security and Tax etc. on the total payroll of
approximately 60 employees. The secretarial work would be
taking dictation and typing letters and a little filing.
Receptionist would mean answering the phone and meeting visitors
and helping them to locate the person or department they called
to see.
The position will be open April 1 and if we found a good
prospect we could manage to get along until the first of June
someway. Any information you can give us on a potential employee
would be greatly appreciated.
Sincerely,
CHRISTIAN RECORD BENEVOLENT ASSOC.
S: G.oDwued
D. C. Duffield
Treasurer
DCD:sp
