
--- Page 1 ---
July 21, 1964
Mr. John Moffatt
Columbia Union College
Takoma Park 12, Maryland
Dear Mr. . Moffatt:
I appreciate your nice comments about the new bulletin. We are quite
pleased with it too, even though we have found a few mistakes here and
there. I suppose it is impossible to publish this type of material without
some minor errors.
In regard to your status as instructor in communications, I might say that
we use the term communications here in preference to speech. In fact, as
you will notice, our department is called the Department of Communtcations.
Our plan, however, is that following this coming yearyour major teaching
area will be in the speech field. As you know, our plans for this present
academic year involve your teaching some in the field of Jouralism. Con-
sequently, I believe the communications term would be more fitting. In
the following years it would appear that most,oif notall, of your teaching
would be in the speech field and then we could well change the designation
to instructor in speech. I trust this will help.to'solve the problem. If you
do have any further questions about this, please feel free to contact me.
We are looking forward to associating with you this coming academic year .
Our enrollment is continuing to grow. I believe we are runing about 125-
130 ahead of last year. We will look forward to seeing you in the next
few weeks.
Most sincerely youis
J. W. Cassell, Jr.
Academic Dean
gl

--- Page 2 ---
Calmmhin Phim Callene
ORMERLY W A S HINGT ON
5 o N A R Y C o - GE
TA AK KOMA RK - 2,
July 14, 1964
Dr. John W. Cassell
Southern Missionary College
Collegeda.le, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Cassell:
Just this morning I received a copy of the Southern
Missionary College Bulletin. The cover certainly is striking,
isn 't it? I like the bulletin very much except for one thing.
I notice that on page 118 I an listed as Instructor of
Communications. It was my very definite understanding that
I was being called as an Instructor in Speech. I would
appreciate it very much if this error could be corrected
just as soon as possible, and the records set aright. My
official call from the college (through the General Conference,
signed by Elder Bradley and dated May 21, 1964, specifically
states Instructor in Speech). I realize, of course, that the
bulletin can not be changed until the next revision, but I
do hope that any future records will indicate the change.
Thank you for taking care of this, Dr. Cassell, and I
am looking forward to the coming school year with great
anticipation.
Sincerely yours,
fohn Neet
John Moffatt
cc: Dr. Gordon H. Hyde
Department of Speech
Mr. William H. Taylor
