
--- Page 1 ---
April 17, 1961
Mr. G. Charles Dart, Principal
Blue Mountain Academy
Hamburg, Pennsylvania
Dear Brother Dart:
Since Doctor Shanke1 is no longer with us as academic
I
endeavor to answrer the questions which you have raised in your dean, letter shal1
April 12, concerning Dr. Keith Anderson, who severed his connections of
commmunity last summer.
with the
Dr. Anderson cane to this commni ty to
as the schooi physician. The Coliege oWBS the practice clinic medicine leased and to serve
Doctor Anderson is a fine gentleman and should do very well at by a the doctor.
post. There are, of course, many questions that arise
teaching
as he is discontinuing the practice of medicine in favor in of the mind, inasmuch
teaching.
Itwas obvious to those llving in the community that
little interest in the practice of medicine. Towards the Doctor Anderson had
only thing he did was to dispense medicine. He
last, about the
cases. There are many people that cannot imderatand preferred not to take maternity
as he was willing to forego the practice of mmedicine and his thiniring, inasmuch
in favor of teaching. It may be, however, that Doctor helping fellow men
desire to serve people from a teaching point of view. Anderson has a greater
I do believe that Doctor Anderson will make a good classroom
His Sabbath school class was always well attended, and he
teacher.
of Some Kind to illustrate what he had to Eay. He should always be able used props
very fine job in the classroom, and if this is what he chooses
to do a
spent so much time in the medicai field, we, of
after having
to change his tools.
course, should permit a man
It wi1l be interesting to know just how he will relate nimse 1f to
classroom situation
a
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
IMS:jt

--- Page 2 ---
BLUE MOUNTAIN ACADEMY
HAMBURG, PENNEYLVANIA
OFFIDE OF THE PRINCIPAL
April 12, 1961
Dr. G. E. Shankel
Southern Missionary College
College edale, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Shankel:
A Dr. A. Keith Anderson has applied for a te eaching position
at Blue Mountain Acad emy. He has given your name as a
I would appreciate it if you would give me your frank evaluation reference.
of this man and his ability to teach on the secondary level in
the area of mathematics and science.
Naturally, a que: stion which would arise in the case of
one who has an M.D. degree, and accord ing to his letter, a
successful practice, why would he give up such to go into
teaching and is this a sign of instability? I would appreciate
a comment as to your understanding of this young man and how
he might adjust to young people. Would he teach "over their
heads," and would he be able to handle the cla ssroom di scipline?
The information which you Send, of course, will be treated
with strictest confid ence. I would appreciate hearing from
you in the very near future.
Sincerely yours,
Achake-dat
G. Charles Dart
Principal
GCD:mk
