
--- Page 1 ---
E
(haioo) aa asfrp.ar
aru anel 23 bbd Brbison msl Bne ESV eb figer arla se snu
saftmie Tsval sel chrow Vr 30 douM eldezog 88 Visalue BS asps
moleniio bnB iosalno es05t al alenigas eNs 785xe nolasa 36 dans 03
amsea s3 Aso October 7, 1963 53 Fevr tov anlob a xoolw ArA
goesi os Bu Tol eldieson ew : raw oiv Maismuoystiage 4187 a iI
ad nigadl 03 aoixns yev ei sle bnenrehn I sud SN aln ni geri
ni 330s ao zeuf ovis bib I aotmonooa smoB a ete 'aden
Mr. Charles Dart, Principal awr ars epcie 3es8 Bhis sisras 03 apinoneos omoH
Blue Mountain Academy
Fioaimnb pris al ow sis aacs ssrbo
Hamburg, Pemsylvania
ongntisaw od 03 vem e7 Sy as Sssilnn Jon as aial esmhuo nO
Dear Charlie: I ceviessio abaol 03 93 so serf a asul vor sw diga n
Videigng mw esioireo -anhcont bibob a a aadusvoktal
It was good to hear from you again. I onlywish it were
abeitos - ritlwr
us to visit personally instead of having to resort to letter possible wirting. for oi egod 03
We often speak of you folks and Jook forward to the day that we
-
have the opportunity of working in the same institution
might ds 3A
that institution will not be a" psychiatric" one.We, together. Ihope 90039
disappointed that we were not able to see you this summer too, were very. esuroord
through Michigan. Michigan is a beautiful and although we onyour miss it trip oie pre
much, we have fallen in love with Collegedale. As you know,this is very a pinsn
beautiful, rural environment that is hard to beat. - Vos u zon moiiteal Sisel
I can just seeyouonyour water skiing adventures. Iam sure the 9 DOY neriyy
government would be interested since this mighit be a
for anti-submarine warfare.
realpossibility ands
down in
Iam glad to hear that you are still
weighe. . Ihave beenvery
going
happy thatIfinally took the plung. - Go0s as
os oE Is hico sW 2 sui aC bcoAr a vot di 1auo3 n TV D
You probably heard that a good Eilend of mine,
who 3
for me in the academy and was the French teacher PaulEvers, in
taught o3
suddenly from a heart attack. This was a real shock since college died very szers
Paul in August on our way out to Lincoln and he was a picture we of had health seen sanais
at that time.
asrteiv Saed bas evel Vr
I am a little bit above my base weight of 180. I am in the process of
shaving off about three pounds now to get back down to about 178.
feel very comfortable at this weight. Keep up the good work.
I
a30edD has dost
We arelhaving a good year here at SMC. We had an increase in
enrollment of over a hundred students which, of course, puts a real
strain on our facilities. The Board and the constituents of the Southern
Union, however, are backing us solidly in a speeded
We will have to do something very rapidly since we up bullding program.
hundred or more students
anticipate another
next year .

--- Page 2 ---
Mr. Charles Dart (Contd)
2
Things are gaing well this year and I am working hard to learn the
ropes as quickly as possible. Much of my work here is very similar
to that at Berrien except the emphasis is more on faculty and curriculum.
An Wilcox is doing very well as assistant dean of women. She seems
1e a very capable young lady. We wish it were possible for us to keep
her in this work but I uderstand she is very anxious to begin her
master's degree in Home Economics. I did give her one class in
Home Economics to teach this year since she wanted.to do something - D.M
other than the work in the dormitory.
yebsoA mistnoM ou8
atravivennes agudmel
Our Christmas plans are not finalized as yet. We may go to Washington,
then again we may just stay here or go to Florida ourselves. I am going EsSG
to Florida in November to a Board meeting. Charlotte will probably
go with me since the wives df the other administmators.go, too. a doog BaW 3I
hope, howevers that wecan get together somehowat Christmas.og Jiaiv 01 a
At the presant time 1 an ia charge of placement. Wes are in thessge nsdlo oW
process aow af getting informationve: need to get out a placement go aris svad
bxochaze. Ithink we, can be of help to you in the fieid that you méntion ni sais
except for secretarial science. Wehave a véry fine girl bere by the pioggnalb
name of judy Edwards who is a Home Economics major. I have already ords
mentioned you to her and suggested that she writetoyou, Possibly you dou
have heard from her by now. Icould very highly recommend ler. Iviuaad
When you come down, we will go through thei listiof gradunteswery Jaul nso I
chonougly and-set up interviews withthem for you As.
somisvog
Bnlos Tlisa 9B DoN V isre Taedl 01 bais AIS I erelaw oniardia-lans so3
As soon as our plans for Christnas vacation crystalizea Hctle. more, n nwob
we will get in touch with you. It would be nice if we could all go to
Florida together, wouldn' it? Ithink wecould have a lotof fun downdozg DoY
there at that time of year. zatloass onsral sris asw bis ymobaon ers ni ai a
nsoa bad sW sonla sloore Isar B a al sostis Sisori 5 moa vinebbos
Please give our best regards to Nonie and the family, *5W no no SeugrA ni Iues
emis 3ads 29
With love and best wishes
3o Ba90074 sa ai mE 1 .081 lo adglowr saed m svods lid oissil s mB I
I .8CI suods 03 avob slond 198 03 woE ehmves sos suoda Tto gmivada
sow boos sds au gosl siglo ai 3s oliniolnoo KSY Icel
Jack and Charlotte
a sassioni n Ead e .OM2 3 sier 7ESV boos E gnivadless GW
gl
IssT S esug a40a 3o dolvr atasbia besbm a 2eyo lo amerafloses
modsvoa sits 3o atnsuritenoo srls hns bIsoE sdT anisillonl 0 no mas
mgog gmibflud @ bebosqa a a Vibllos an gribiond S3R svswoil noleu SVF
rodtons saeglolus 6w sonle vihiguz VIsy Ealissmoa ob 03 svai Iw
783 Sxsa ainsbita siomt 30 bsthnal

--- Page 3 ---
BLUE MOUNTAIN ACADEMY
HAMBURB, PENNEYLVANIA
PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE
Phone 562-7565
September 19, 1963
Mr. John William Cassell, Jr.
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Jack and Charky:
Now that the rush of the beginning of school is over I'll do something which
has been my intention for some time, and that is to write to you folks.
Nonie and I were very disappointed that we weren' 't able to work out a mutual
vacation together. We regret even more that we failed to get in touch with
you. Our plans were entirely changed for our vacation this summer. We didn't
even go camping with Sis and Ben. We visited relatives in Ohio, at Berrien
Springs--Virginia and Ed--and then we spent several days with Earl and Anna-
belle in Cadillac, Michigan. I enjoyed the lakes there. We rented a boat two
different times--tried to do some water skiing, but am afraid that I have too
much weight in certain portions of my anatomy to get upright on skis. At least
when the boat put on full force and they tried to get me up, rather than become
one who "runs" on the water I looked like a submarine plowing the bottom of
the lake. After sufficient tries and sufficient water in the lungs and stomach
I decided to give up. But maybe some day I'll accomplish the feat.
By the way, I have lost thirty pounds since June. I have been sticking pretty
close to this " Calories Don't Count" diet. I am, right now, in the midst of
the "baggy clothes" but I haven't lost as much as I want to to buy a new ward-
robe. I hope, in time, to lose twenty more pounds.
How is the school year going at S.M.C.? Do you enjoy your work as academic
dean? I am sure it presents a real challenge to you. Nonie and I were sO happy
to hear of your getting this position. How is Ann Wilcox doing as assistant dean
of women? It is rather strange circumstances in that the young lady who took
Ann's place here was a graduate of S.M.C. last June--she moved up here and
Ann moved down there.
Our present plans call for us to go to Florida this Christmas for a week. We
will be leaving here right after Christmas Day. Will probably leave the evening
of the 25th or the morning of the 26th. Some friends of ours from Wooster, Ohio,
have a home in Florida where they spend six months out of each year and they
have urged us to come several different times. So we have decided to go and
stay at their home this Christmas vacation. If circumstances continue hope-
fully our plans are to spend a week there. I hope that it will be possible for

--- Page 4 ---

--- Page 5 ---
Mr. John William Cassell, Jr.
2
September 19, 1963
us to stop by Southern Missionary College to see you if you will be at home.
If there is any way for us to get together at Christmas time let us know.
By the way, Jack, next year I anticipate a need of a full-time language teach-
er. I was unable to find one this year when Kirsten Anderson turned us down.
Right now I am trying to negotiate with a young lady who is finishing her
Master' S degree. Also, I will be needing a secretarial scoence teacher and
an assistant dean of girls and home economics teacher. Judie Henderson
will be getting married this summer. If there are any seniors down there that
you think would be top-notch I would appreciate it if you would ask the dean
of students to pass this information on to me before it is sent out to everyone,
I would like to find an excuse to come down to S.M.C. to see you folks, as
well as to get these people lined up early in the year. This year I have set
a goal that I want to get this done in December or the early part of January.
I have never been able to work it out this way in years past
May God bless you in your work there. Let us hear from you when you have
time.
With love,
A
&
Charles and Nonie
GCD:n

--- Page 6 ---
-
- -
n
Bnthila G 554
- mirsi Rl
RuP sboBn 0  mD Twondde
0n0u Sb
 -
B
C Ms yos Re1usb
5s albul
BT imiono monpAs ABTO unais Smssms
JE
wion m n
 37 msmmua ane Bafisin  su 1
SERG blope -
BiSiooe noso4-90 au btuow 20 wuTe
D3 T E a
- o o noitamui L aidtmangot ahtolusB 
 19R E as
- - : -
mn D1 R6 -  tsal Siow I
B -
- wi 1530 a B 75E R  djong snerit TeB oa 85 H6V
- - Biss  S - mdur  anah EU tpiel T5 - Tieit lsnps -
IR BIBSN n
ME Tug J STow DE lus nawd Toven Mi -
-  u Tser
d 9w FUDS l uo aapld Do VaM
54
w
- BAE sinsde
se -
