
--- Page 1 ---
S
(hseeo) sufasiao n
077 ATE aitls eis atoa aiged 1 naD May 16, 1965 23 I
imllleo 701 haar C Dee DpV ss An sosa 01 1Ag
Viaitso
PsSN 33 dalw hnt a io gnbintis e nlamens - deisuh niab
Elder Gharles Dart
mignier a o dasm 67 E sol siconou
Keene Seventh-day Adventist Church
Keene, Texas 76059
 brs avoJ
Dear Charles and Nonie:
We were very glad to hear from you and learn of your vacation plans.
Unfortunately, it would be impossible for us to be in Florida at the
time you are going to be theze since we do not gradunte here until the
week end df June 6. We would be very happy to have you stop in and
see us on your way up or back, but apparently if you aze flying, that
would be rather difficuit. If that could be worked,out, however, be
sure to let us know.
It was a real surprise to learn that you are expecting ghe third addition
to your family in August. I am sure it will be a very joyous evest for
both of you as well as the other two children.
At the present time we are making some plans to attend the departmental
meetings at La Sierra this August. Should these plans materialize, we
will pian to drop in and see you either on the way out or on the way back
from California. As soon as we know for sure what we will be
I
will get in touch with you further.
doing,
We have had a good school year but continue to face problems in terms
of adequate facilities and staff for our rapid expanding enrollment. We
are losing only aoneof ouE staff imembers this year. Doctor Morris Taylor
is going to Pacific Union College. He has been the head of our Music
Department. We are sorry to see him leave, but he feels that he would
Iike to spend full time in teaching piano.
I contine to enjoy my work here. Charlotte and I both have grown to
love and appreciate the Tennessee hills. Idid have a call to Columbla
Union College this year to be academic dean, but could not see leaving
all of this for the asphalt jungle of Takoma Park.

--- Page 2 ---
Blder Charles Dart (Comd)
2
3 certainly hope, we can get together some time this summer. We
certainly will plan to stop and see you shal we head for California
during August. I appzeciate your thinking of us and wish it were
possible for us to meet you in Washington.
nig esD 3
dezlo saisovbA vab-ftnova eenz
Love and kisses,
R200t ESXoT enss
:oleok bne eolaeD TaG
ansig aolsSoEY 3oV 3 Jack, Charlotte, and family baig TSV sw sw
edt 3s abiols ml sd 03 30 sol sidtasogm sd biow 31 essnutmolau
srhs Ihao etadi etarbeg J0n ob s sonia ancar od 03 gulog 53 Dot onls
bas al qose 3oE eved o3 tggad VION sd bltoer eW . em! lo hirs doo
saris giyn sB uov 3 viaseggs ard oad 30 qu vw OV 5o aD se3
ed aovatroit sobanhow ad bivoo Sads 31 aoiib zorlte ed bivowr
womi BI sl os sa
noiibbs b s gabosqse 8B 1o saiis mal a saliquua Insz a aa 21
zol loove auovot Visvr S sd Ilivr a1 s3 m I airguA ai gims! E p3
-cebilis owS zoriso afs 8B lsw 83 voV 3o dod
Imnomhageb siz hasss 03 aasig smoa anhlan mE sw smhs Snssesg es 3A
sr sslishesam annig sssris blvora seuguà his snala al 35 agmhoon
saad Vw as B 3 suo Vsw ads no zodile DoV ssa bas ni gorb a1 salg Ihvz
I gatob ad Mw Sw saiw 97i 701 woml ow Ba 00B BA ninzolio mionl
aaritt bot lw douos ai 198 Ilh
amnos ni amllosg oost o1 sunltaos sud snet loorfoa boog s bsil sval s
oW Snomllcnns gnibang biges 730 so Psde haz eoliillon! sanuipebs lo
zofgT ahroM 36100G .7B0 alls arrodmattsa Ton Soismetind gntaol a
plesM 30 do haai ads sasd asd SH sgelloo olnu olinss os grios a
Bonr ed 1afs afsat erf sud vasI mid se2 os you as sW smmeqaa
onaig anlifonos al smis Iun binsga as onE
es nwong evad dsod 3 has stokaio ser ssour VE votne 03 suises 3
atdsruloo 03 Iao a svai bib 1 BHhl ssaasensT ads sialosagga bns svoi
anhveal 898 son hlioo lud ssb oimsbsos ed 03 3867 ald: sgalioo noku
ahsst smossT No alyst slaiqan sris zol elis 20 ie

--- Page 3 ---
Keene Seventk-day Aduentist Churck
KEENE, TEXAS 76059
CHURCH PHONE MI LTON 5-9219
OFFICE OF THE PASTOR
May 9, 1965
Dr. William J. Cassell
Academic Dean
Wouthern Missionary College
Colle gedale, Tennessee
Dear Jack and Sharky:
A quick note to you hoping that you can make plans to be in Washington the
same time we are, but am afraid that with your closing of school it may
conflict.
We are leaving here on Monday, May 17, flying to Washington, D. C., where we
will spend a few days with my folks; then to Akron, and the World's Fair, and
back to Blue Mountain Açademy. I have been asked to be commencement
there on Sunday, May 30. We will be staying in Washington after the speaker 30th
until June 3. Our plane leaves there at 6 o'clock Thursday night. Would it
be possible for you folks to come up to Washington that week?
the
I
guess we haven't written to tell you that we are expecting our By third child way,
in August. Doctor has forbidden Nonie to travel by car, so that is the
we are flying; and due to the limited expense es we can't fly all over the reason
country to see our friends. We would love to visit with you folks.
Now if you can't arrange to be in Washington when we will, will you be attend-
ing any meetings out toward the West this summer? Or, better
can
come out this way for part of your vacation? I still have some yet, of
you
comind and if somebody is coming here to stay with Nonie, Chuckie and my I vacation are
planning to go camping. There are some good camping areas around here. If
you folks come out, it would be fun, Jack, if you and I and the children
could go out camping. Well, I am jus t thinking out loud right now
that in some way we can get together for a good visit sometime this hoping summer.
How are things going there this year? I hope very good. I am enjoying
work more than I anticipated, although you find problems everywheré, and my some
phases of the work you like better than others. But I haven't regretted
making this choice to come.
Well, I must close. If you can find time to reply to this letter, we would
appreciate receiving an answer by May 15, inasmuch as we will be
a
or
day
two later.
flying
Our love,
Clackvany lonei
Charles and Nonie
GCD: ja V

--- Page 4 ---
n 1 5d x hal Y - tos
adon 31 ahtuls FGae ra Mvis L
-
R
a daninune Na pas ST NA E0I sP
 E 343 T0s mA
h B -  he RR  5 bners Cw
Mauns innnea S BS nuud ssl - Nlisn TSibi n 1 
dh sio ALRT R1 HVT3 st t -
tl oanins F TTert
hu abicurs Snalbte.a 3a s25
n E anbl ans
93 Mnnur dp meismifsn 1S -
0 ULN 1 1 minitaon
 354 95 Brupazes ums 512 anila EV TSS nsn nsil 114 unsas
AnT
Taa Ca S VT fomedin - -1 ncn nihbdass B Toson egu ml
-s e H
-
631
hls B 5  39 55 bJuw
nbm L -
-
0 16 Mi r a5 timiy RS 
yEa a ano
5vor
aadlad
Tt

-
anee 9VB ia
950
ITC A
 Bust
-
- pE
-
50 35 -
- ol
595 30
-

