
--- Page 1 ---
July.1, 1965
Mr. John Davis
Capitel Visual Aids
611 Dodds Avenue
Chattanoog, Tennessee 37404
Dear Mr. Davis:
Iappreciate the use of the Norelco dictating equipment you left in
my office recently. Since I had already had experience with this
equipment, Iwas even more impressed with the new unit. However,
after using other equipment, I have decided to purchase another
brand.
As you probably know by now, we have chosen the Norelco dictating
equipment for our office administration laboratory. Mr. Stanley is
very pleased with the equipment and I am also for I know that it will
not anly give us excellent service, but will do the job that Mr. Stanley
wants to do in teaching. Mr. Stanley will be working with you in
regard to the purchase of thiss equipment for the laboratory.
As Imentioned to you on the phone the other day, we do want to wait
until the new transistorized machines are available for laboratory use.
I also want to express my appreciation to you for offering the carrying
case and telephone recording adapter at no additional cost should I
decide to purchase the equipment for my office use. We do sincerely
appreciate the service Capitol Visual Aids has given to Southern
Miseionary College over the years.
Sincerely yours,
J. W. Cassell, Jr.
Academic Dean

--- Page 2 ---
CAPITOL VISUAL ADS
611 DODDS AVE. e CHATTANOOOATEMR 37404 . P.O.BOX 3102
PHONE (615) 629-7381
June 25, 1965
Dr. Jehn W. Cassell, Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Cassell:
We appreciate your interest in Norelce Dictating Equipment and the epportunity
you have given us to possibly be of service to you.
After talking with you en the telephone, I feel it is unnecessary for me to
ge inte details about the advantages of this equipment. For I am sure your
past experience with this brand wes satisfactery or you would not be interested
in planning to use Norelce in the future.
The price of each unit is $249.50. They are the same for the dictating and
transcribing unit. Your total cost would be $499.00 for beth units. We assume
there will be no Excise Tax on this equipment, although we have heard nothing
from Norelco officially. The price includes the micrephone, microphone bracket,
head phone, foot contrel, 2 tape cassettes and desk-top helder for the index
sheets. It does net include other accessories, such as the telephone adapter
which is $9.00 and the carrying case which is $15.00.
I am enclosing complete price information, which lists the accessories available.
We are not permitted to give a discount, but I will be glad to supply the
Carrying Case and Telephone Recording Adapter at no additional cost. This, in
effect, amounts to $24.00 in merchandise free.
Please feel free to call me if you have any questions and I shall look forward
to the opportunity of serving you. If you decide on Norelco, we can make
immediate delivery.
Sincerely,
John Davis
Encl.
AT
SALES SERVICE RENTALS
U AV
