
--- Page 1 ---
October 8, 1963
Mr. James B. Davis
626 Rugby Avenue
Orlando, Florida
Dear Mr. Davis:
After receiving a copy of your letter to Mr. Ralph C. Nobrega, I
immediately contacted him in reference to the problem you present.
Mr. Nobrega informs me that he was not officially celected as the
campaign manager for the 1961-62 Reflector subscription campaign at
Forest Lake Academy. He states that he was asked to take this responsi-
bility by Mr. Ashlock, the dean of boys, since Mr. Ashlock felt that he
needed some assistance in the campaign. Consequently Mr. Nobrega
had no real authority and at no time was in possession of any campaign
funds to purchase prizes. He Informs me that he had nothing to do with
the awarding of the prizes and assumed that either Mrs. Kirstein or
Mr. Wooten were in charge of purchasing and awarding these prizes
since school was out at the time they were apparently awarded.
I was impressed with the fact that Mr. Nobrega was sincere in this
matter. I would suggest that you further contact the principal of the
academy or the two abovelnamed individuais who I understand are still
on the staff.
If we may be of any further service to you here, please feel free to
contact us.
Very sincerely yours,
J. W. Cassell, Jr.
Academic Dean

--- Page 2 ---
626 Rugby Avenue
Orlando, Plorida
September 25, 1963
Mr. Ralph C. Nobrega
Southern Miasionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Mr. Nobrega:
This letter is in reference to the 1961-62 "Reflector"
campaign at Forest Laice Acadeny of which you were campaiga subscription manager,
My son, James L. (JimBob) Davis, vas announced as first
and after several months' waiting to receive first
place winner
and Mr. Ashlock were contected as to vhy no prize was prize, ever Mr. Fuchs
Mr. Ashlock found that the records indicated the
given.
third prizes were bought and apparently distributed. firet, second and
etudents to receive second and third prizes both Zeft However, the school the
almost immediately at the end of the campaign and
did not receive his prise.
certainly James
Wi11 you please explain the reason for the prises never
to this date, when the records show then as distributed, being given
I shall expect to hear from you immediately.
Very truly yours,
Rarssis
James B. Davis
JBD:md
ccs: Blder Don R. Rees
Dr. John W. Cassell
Mr. William
VA
Fuchs
Mr. Carl Asklock
NP
