
--- Page 1 ---
July 9, 1961
Mr. Forrest Decker
Route 2, Box 432
Maitland, Plorida
Dear Mr. Decker:
We appreciate your desire to move ahead on the college level,
but in examining your record by way of the subjects listed you
have additional work that must be taken on the secondary level.
First of all let me say that as a rule we require graduation
from an accredited institution or its équivalent. Occasional 11y
we do admit an individuai who may be lacking one subject on the
secondary level in order that he may proceed vith his college
work wi thout handicap. The subject in which he is short may be
taken on our academy campus, but we do not graduate students from
our acadeny unless they take at least two units of work on this
campus.
Even when a stuient is only short one or tio uits we would
accept then only if their age permits and if theiz secondary
scholastic record is good. You are still short a umit or two
in the field of English, a unit in mathematics, a unit in science,
two units in language, two units in the social sciences, namely
history and civics and at least one unit in Bible, possibly two.
You should plan to take an additional two years of work on the
secondary level there in Florida before proceeding to college.
As I stated before, should you come up a unit short of graduation
and if your scholarship is note worthy, we would of course accept
you here with the provision that you complete the last unit either
by correspondence or with our academy. Should you have any further
questions, please let us hear from you again.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
g1

--- Page 2 ---
Rt.2 Box 432
Maitland, Fla.
July 4, 1961
Dean of the College
Southern Missionary Gollege
Collegedale, Tenn.
Dear Sir:
I would like to know if 1 may enter SMC
$17 diploma? If yes, may I start college this without a graduation
when school starts). If I can't
in fall? I am now 16
should I take to get in next year? I get
this year, what subjects
subjects :
have credit in the following
Hebrew History
English I
Early Church History
Biology
EnglishII
Printing I
Mechanical Drawing
Medical Gadet Corps
Chemistry
Algebra
science? What scholarships do you have to offer in the field of
Thank you.
Sincerly,
HovDecker
