
--- Page 1 ---
July 2, 1958
Mr. J. DeFreitas
Route 8, Box 880
Alabama City, Alabama
Dear Nr. DeFreitas:
Since your. telepione communication of a few days ago there
have been a number of deveiopments in the case of Douglas
and his young fiancee, Gail Pleasants. Undoubtedly you are
aware df Some of these Jater developments, so I do not need
to write extensively.
Immediately after the telephone conversation I tried to contact
the young people but found they had just been given pernission
to go out for a ride with Douglas's mother, the intention being
that they would return in an hour or tio. As proved to be the
case later, they actually went all the way to Alabana and
did not get back here until the following afternoon; in
consequence of which I ias unable to get in tonch with either
one of then until they had nade a completely new set of
arrangemeats--the new arrangements being that the wedding
would be carried out at Orlando on this coming Friday.
However, since that time I understand that everything has
changed again and that the wedding has now been postponed
for a period of sone three, treeks at which time I understand
they plan to have a reguler church wedding. Some of the
parties to the transaction have given their consent, including
the girl's father. Of course this is a great disappointment
to us, but apparently there is nothing more tiat can be done
with Douglas determined to go ahead in the matter even
though it may be a considerable loss to hin as far as his
future education is concerned.
I am very sorry indeed that the matter has turned out the
way it has, for I feel if a11 the parents concerned had stood
fim in the matter that we night bave been able to secure a
year's deferment, particularly with the provision that you

--- Page 2 ---
Mr. J. DeFreitas
-2-
mentioned to me over the telephone, but it became quite ineffective
after all the relatives directly concerned had given their consent
to carry out the marriage. I am sure you can understand the
position in which I am placed,for after the relatives concerned
have given their consent there is not very nuch that we at
the school can do.
With very kind regards and trusting that you wi1l apprecia te
my point of view, I an
Very sincerely yours,
G. E. Shankel
Dean
ja
Bw yhs Stafe 8-4346
Ractas
Dpnatas
Til Pole wathch
GeROLL
uitas
Rante
8
1
088a
22 me -
)
