
--- Page 1 ---
e
September 5, 1962
Mr. J. E. Denehy, Treasurer
Loma Linda Food Company
P. 0. Box 388
Mount Vernon, Ohio
Dear Brother Denehy:
We aze always pleased to assist in fi 1ling positions here and
there throughout the land. Recently we were instrumental in
placing our seniors from coast to coast, but of course we wish
it were possible to graduate more secretarial students inrorder
to fi1l the needs. This is aiso true in the elementary teaching
field.
At this time, I am umable to think of anyone who could f11l
your needs as a secretary for Mr. Pat Maguire. There are some
in our area but they would not be available inasnuch as theiz
husbands have come here to go to school. It will be necessary
for them to find work in our area. If someone or some name
comes to mind in the next few days, I shail certainly write
you again.
I shall try again this year, perhaps next spring to stop by
your plant. It would be a pleasure to see the new plant in
operation. While on our way to San Prancisco this summer, it
was our privilege to stop for a moment at La Sierra, and
although I did not get to see everyone, we did shake hands with
a number of our friends at the Loma Linda Food Company. It was
sad to visit with Mr. Chapman and learn of his physical diffi-
culties. Perhaps Mr. Chapnan will have to lay down his burdens
in the very near future. I wish it were possible for him to
enjoy physical vigor after retirement,but-this may not be his
privilege.
Please give my regards to Pat and also Percy. I wish you could
all come down and visit us. We will assuze you of a welcome and
aiso a good place to stay.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
g1
Academic Dean

--- Page 2 ---
ZaZida
oonComypany
-
E E a
TELEPHONE: EXpress 2-8085
Tomalinda
EASTERN DIVISION lP P. O. BOX 388 * MOUNT VERNON, OHIO
FOODS
Main Office, Arlington, California
August 30, 1962
Doctor W. M. Schneider
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Doctor Schneider:
It was certainly a pleasure to see you for a few minutes at General
Conference. I hope that you had a safe trip home again.
I am wondering if you could give us a little help here at the Mount
Vernon plant by giving us information as to whether there might be
secretarial help available from the graduates of the college there.
We need a girl who can take shorthand as well as dictaphone work for
our sales department. Mr. Pat Maguire's secretary is retiring, and
we need someone to replace her. It will be quite a responsible job,
as you know, where she will not only have to handle his correspondence
while he is here, but will have to take care of some of it while he is
gone, as well as other items pertaining to the sales department.
If you know of anyone who could fill this position, I would greatly
appreciate a word from you.
I think I mentioned that we have a new plant since you were here last,
and we are now just getting under production. We hope that from now
on our production will be at a steady pace, and we hope that our sales
will increase also. We have had an increase sO far this year over last
year--not as much as we had hoped for, but of cour: se, we have been out
of several items, and we hope now. that we can produce these again that
this will help make up some of the difference we had at the first part
of the year.
With best wishes,
Very sincerely yours,
3, E. Denehy
Treasurer
JED: dm
U A L I T Y
-
)
S I N C E
1
e
