
--- Page 1 ---
July 9, 1961
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
Southern Missionary College, as an educational institution, was first founded
at Graysville, Tenessee in the year 1892 under the name of Southern Training
Schoo1. In the year 1916 the institution was moved to the Collegedale,
Tennessee comunity where it was known as Southern Junior College. In the
1944 this institution attained senior college standing and the first degree year
candidates were gradua ted in the spring of 1946.
During the past sixteen or seventeen years the administration and the members
of the Board of Trustees have worked untiringly to provide the facilities and
teaching staff ne cessary to ope rate a first rate senior college. There is still
more to be done, but no one need apologize for the progress that has been made
since the college was first listed as a senior college. Southe rn Missionary
College is accredited as a Liberal Arts College by the Southern Association
of Colleges and Secondary Schools, and is approved by the Tennessee State Board
of Education for the preparation of both secondary and elementary teachers for
certification. Its division of nursing is accredited by the Tennessee State
Board of Nursing recognized by the Florida State Board of Nurses Registration
and is an agency me mber of the Baccalaureate and Higher Degree Granting Programs
of the Division of Nursing Education of the National League for Nursing. At
present steps are being taken to secure accreditation for the Collegiste School
of Nursing by the National 1 League.
No co llege administration is ever satisfied with the status quo of things, but
it is encouraging to note the growth of a college in terms of its objectives.
Southes m Missionary College wi1l have an enrollment of approximately seven
hundred students during the schoo 1 year 1961-62. These students will represent
primarily the states of Mississippi, Alabama, Tennessee, Kentucky, North and
South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida. Tt also attracts students from other
states as well as students coming from over seas countries.
On an academic level the college offers work in the sciences, the humanities,
social sciences, business and economics, secretarial science, home economics,
industrial arts, fine arts, and theology. Its instructional departments are
grouped into the foj 1lowing divisions of instruction: Applied Arts and Sciences,
Communication Arts, yhr, Fine Arts, Natural Sciences. and
Mathematics, Nursing, Religion, Theology, Applied Theology, Social Sciences, and
in addition most of the common requirementa fot Pre-Professional Curriculums
may, be met on this campus.
It has been the policy cf the college to send two or three of its teachers away
each year for further graduate training leading to the doctorate degree.
this time salary of the teacher on leave is paid by the college. During the During
summer months theccollege finances the graduate programs of from six to ten of
its college instructors. At the present time there are twelve members of the
faculty holding the doctoral degree and the remainder holding the master's degree
