
--- Page 1 ---
D
 
a -
Gmmanuel
/
BEE
Missionary
ollege
Berrien
WITH THE
Springs,
CAMPUS
Michigan
BEAUTIFUL
November 9, 1960
Dr. Wilbert M. Schneider, Academic Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Wilbert:
This is in reply to your recent letter carrying the information that you
are beginning a self-study program at S. M. C. I am sure that you will
find, as did we, that this is a very major undertaking.
I originally hoped to have this self-study completed during the second
semester of the last school year. However, it was decided to include with
the self-study of E. M. C. a similar study undertaken on behalf of the
graduate studies program of Andrews University. For that reason, we do not
have the self-study report in a final: form as yet. I do have all of the
data collected and about half of the report written out. What remains to
be done is to put together the information I have in a suitable style and
then to bring up to date the material that was written last year. It is
the plan to complete the entire study during the present semester.
Under separate cover I am sending you a number of things which conceivably
might be of interest and help to you. Included in this material is an out-
line of the self-study. I have followed this outline rather closely,
although obviously it required modification here and there. However, the
outline was a big help. to me as I began to collect the data and put it
together in prose style. I am sending also several chapters which are in
a rough draft status. It was my job as chairman of the committee to draw up
the outline for each chapter of the report and to submit it to the committee.
After discussion, it was revised. I would then complete a chapter and have
it duplicated, and again we would study it in committee and suggestions
would be incorporated in the text. The three duplicated chapters which I
am sending to you are in this condition. They are rather rough and will
need to be rewritten, but in general they contain the information and are
in the style which will be in the final report.
I should be glad to send you a report when we have it completed. In the
meantime if you have any questions or if you have anything which might be
helpful to us in our self-study, I will be glad to hear from you.

We are enjoying our second snowfall of the year. "Having a wonderful time,
wish you were here."
Sincerely yours,
)
FOUNDED 1874 AS BATTLE CREEK COLLEGE
Paul E. Hamel, Chairman
Self-Study Committee
dd
