
--- Page 1 ---
Gmmanuel
Missionary Gollege
Berrien Springs, Michigan
WITH THE CAMPUS BEAUTIFUL
October 6, 1960
Dr. W. M. Schneider, Academic Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Wilbert:
Dr. Meier has just given me your letter to him dated September 16 and his
reply to you dated September 21. The correspondence had to do with
Miss Marguerite VanBlaricum, who is a student at E. M. C. and who previously
attended Southern Missionary College and currently owes a bill at S. M. C.
The Admissions Office will have to assume responsibility for clearing
Miss VanBlaricum for admission to E. M. C. Somehow the girl who writes for
transcripts from the colleges students have attended failed to write for
Miss VanBlaricum's transcript from S. M. C. On the other hand,
Miss VanBlaricum indicated on her application blank that she did not owe
a bill at any other institution.
I have just discussed this with Miss VanBlaricum, and she indicated that it
was her belief that the account at S. M. C. had been taken care of by her
folks. I pointed out to Miss VanBlaricum that her continuance at E. M. C.
would be jeopardized unless this account at your college was taken care of
promptly. She has promised to communicate with her parents at once regard-
ing the matter.
You may be assured that we shall not allow her to remain as a student at
E. M. C. if an undue amount of time elapses before the payment of her bill.
Should it become necessary to suspend her from school over this matter, we
are prepared to take that step when it seems necessary to do so. Of course,
the registrar is also anxious to have her transcript on file.
Accept our apologies for this incident, and please be assured that it was
simply an oversight on the part of our office personnel.
My brother Lyle indicates to me that you are having a nice year at S. M. C.
and they appreciate your leadership very much. Please extend to your
family greetings from Beatrice and myself.
Sincerely yours,
9 - Ae
Paul E. Hamel, Director of Admissions
FOUNDED 1874 AS BATTLE CREEK COLLEGE
