
--- Page 1 ---
Southern MIssIONARY COLLEGE
Collegedale yenressee
May 26, 1960
Nr. Roland Stona
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Brother Stone :
As a result of resolutions passed dur ng this acadanic year by the
Fresident's Council, Finance Comittec, and the Financial Survey Committee,
the organization o? our police and nightrtch services has been altered
so as to require this detailed letter setting forth the program and dties
of the employee to cover these areas. Starting with June 1, 1960 the
folloing shall be the progrems
1. The policing and nightintch duties on the campas shall be
performed by one individual whose progran is set forth below.
2. The work of this individual shall be confined to the collega
campus except where 1t becomes necasssry to leave the carpus
shile working on a schoo). problem.
3. He shall not be a member of Civilian Defense-not that the
seliool lacks respect for thie servics, but due to the fact
that this officer needs to ba on the campus in order to perw
fom properly his duties.
4. He shall file a daily report in duplicate form loaving one
copy of ths report with the College Business Manager and the
other ith the Dean of Student Affairse The report shall be
made available daily to these officers of the collage by
9:30 aalla of the day folloving the might coverad by the reporte
S. His reaponsibility is jointly to the Business Monager and the
Dean of Student Affairse Requerts for expendituras, substitutes,
and departure from the schedule are locged with the Business
Manager. Queations on social life, disciplins, and regulations
coacarning students are to ba handled with the Daan of Stndent
Affairs.
6. The daily routine servicos of this officer shall be closely
defined by the Business Manager and Dean of Student Affairs
who shall counsel with this officer from time to time.

--- Page 2 ---
Mr. Roland Stons
2
May 26, 1960
7. He shall work arproximately 9 houra per day, 6 days per weck.
Of these hours, service between 5:30 Pall. and 11:30 pame shall
be mandatory. This service presently will be saainly on the
upper campuse
6. He shall turn on the carpus lights each ovening at duske He
shall recomsend someone to be granted a contract to turn off
the campus lights after damn each norning.
9. He shall deliver packages to the dormitorias and depurtments
daily.
10. He ahsll make one completa round of all campus buildings cach
evening betwaen the hours of 5:30 p.nl. and 11:30 Pm. On this
round he shall check for fire hazards, safety hasards, leaky
faucets, open windous, unlocked windowE and doors, and all
maintenance needs. These items ahsll bs indicated on his daily
reporte
11. During the evening hours he shall counsal any students and/or
couples not abiding by schoo, regulations and raport any chronte
or flagrant violations to the appropriate officer of the college.
12. Ha ahall be rolievod of the responsibility of eeting planas,
trsins, and buses except when no one tlsa is available. His
work is to be confined to the campus as far as possible.
Respectfilly yours,
Charles Fieming, Jr.
Business Manager
cfjd
cc: C. N. Rees
W. M. Schneider
W. H. Taylor
K. R. Davis
G. M. Hyde
Alfreda Costerisan
D. L. Wost
