
--- Page 1 ---
Southern MISSIONARY COLLEGE
Collegedale ennessee
January 24, 1964
Mr. Marshall Swain
Box 283
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Marshall:
This morning in the House Commiti tee I trought up the matter of
Betsy's change in plans which according to her agreement would
cause her credit earned in the bindery to be transferred to the
Worthy Student account and from there to be applied to some needy
student who wanted to use this work credit for education at
Southern Missionary College.
I believe from our conversation yesterday you understand our position.
We operate these indus tries for the express purpose of giving students
an opportuni ty to fil nance an education. Therefore, when students come
to us and work during the summer, then draw their credit and leave,
we have defeated the purpose for which we have organised the industries,
We have tried not to do anything that would cause a student to feel that
we were interested in taking advantage of him, therefore, this has been
set forth to each student in a contract form which they signe Their
signature is over a statement requesting us to apply their credit to
their account to be used for educational purposes and that if they
should har ve a change of plans, that they are requesting this balance
either to be held for them for one year, transferred to someone in their
immediate family, or applied to a worthy student fund from which it can
be voted to ot her students in need. I understand that Betsy had a credit
of $321.32 when school started. She drew $70 of this in December leaving
a ba lance of $251.32.
The committ tee felt that if they break over on the policy here, they
really don't have much of a basis not to do it on all accounts and
then we are back to the situation thatstudents will come and work
through the summer, draw their credit and not go to school. At the

--- Page 2 ---
Mr. Marshall Swain
2
January 24, 1964
same time we wanted to cooparat te with you in this situation so the
final action was to transfer her balance of $251.32 to the Worthy
Student Fund and then recommend to the Scholarship Commi ttee that
they vote a scholarship of $125 from the Worthy Student Fund to
Charlotte McKee. This Dr. Cassell feels can be done with little
difficulty. We hope that this disposi tion of the balance will, be
agreeable to you.
Sincerely yours,
Charles Fleming, Jr.
Busi ness Manager
cfijd
cc: Dr. Jack Cassell
Mr. Kenneth Spears
