
--- Page 1 ---
&
February 3, 1963
y
Mr. L. L. Dunn, Personnel Director
Sc
Glendale Sanitarium & Hospital
Glendale 6, California
Dear Brother Dunn:
We appreciate your note of inquiry regarding our senior placement
bulletin. It has been in readinegs for several weeks but because of
the policy adopted last summer at the time of the General Conference
we are having to hold it until approximately February 15. Unfortunately
the three western colleges did not abide by the policy and of course
this is the reason why you have received their placement brochures.
We would gladly mail them out early but at a recent meeting of
college presidents the policy was re-emphasized and the west coast
colleges were given a reprimand. The reason for the policy is to give
the local union conference people a chance to get at the graduates
before the others do. For your use I am releasing one today. I would
like to introduce a couple to you that would be of excellent service.
Mr. and Mrs. Wayne Darnell will be available at the close of this
school year. Wayne is graduating with an accounting major and his wife
has been working as head of our mimeograph service. His wife will be
graduating from the two-year secretarial curriculum and would be of
excellent service to you in that line. She could handle your mimeograph
service with dispatch. We also reçommend Wayne to you without
reservation. His father, I believe, is in the Florida Conference Book
and Bible House.
We hope we can be of service to you in satisfying some of your needs.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean.

--- Page 2 ---
1509 EAST WILSON AVENUE (P.0. BOX 871) GLENDALE 6. CALIFORNIA Citrus 4-4684 . CHapman 5-1121
lendale Sanitarim and Hospital
January 29, 1963
Dr. W. M. Schneider
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Schneider:
We have not yet received your 1963 college bulletin
listing the seniors. Perhaps a copy is in the mail already.
Just in case this might have been overlooked, we
assure you that we are interest ted in your graduates who may be
looking for denominational employment when they are available
at the close of the 1963 school year.
It will be a pleasure to hear from you.
Very sincerely,
L. L. Dunn, Personnel Di rector
GLENDALE SAN ITARIUM & HOSPITAL
LLD/pg
No Patriera
wth
Gapfrdis
Our o Fhee and
Wa oL pluasdlwtk harwok bhty
foaoa
Sosthnn
issavanys Clles A Cay be D
ph . hu 1
- d.
gralustas
jovehas
