
--- Page 1 ---
March 21, 1962
Mr. L. L. Dumn
Personnel Director
Glenda le Sanitarium and Hospital
Gténda le, California
Dear Brother Dunn:
We appreciate your interest in our graduates and are pleased
to have you extend an invitation to Mr. and Mrs. Jon Gepford.
You wi 11 find both of these young people very helpful and
cooperative.
As far as 'we have been able to determine, Sandra Vinson wi1l
be going to Southern California but she has not yet committed
herself to either your institution or the Southern California
Conference Office. Perhaps it would be wel 11 for the two of
you to get together and decidewho wants her the most. Sandra
will do an exce. 1lent job for either of the institutions.
Should you have any further needs, please let us hear from
you again.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
g1

--- Page 2 ---
1509 EAST WILSON AVENUE (P.0. BOX 871), GLENDALE 6. CALIFORNIA Citrus 4-4684 . CHapman 5-1121
lendale Sanitarim and, Hospitab
March 14, 1962
Dr. William Schneider, Academic Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegeda le, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Schneider:
May I take this opportunity to express again to you my
appreciation for your kindness while I was at Southern Missionary
College recently. The fine spirit among your students and the visits
I had with some of the teachers has been encouraging.
We hope that three or four of your seniors can be encouraged
to join our staff after the close of school. We have already found
definite placement for Mr. and Mrs. Jon Gepford.
It is our hope that more and more men and women who attend
our colleges will find employment in our medical institutions. This
is the reason why I am anxious to keep employment opportunities before
our young people from year to year.
We hope that when you are in California again this year that
you can stop by and see us. We will be happy to have you visit the
Glenda le Sanitarium and Hospital at any time.
Very sincerely yours,
- L. Dunn, Personnel Director
GLENDALE SANITARIUM & HOSPITAL
LLD:ke
