
--- Page 1 ---
A
January 29,
C
1962
Mr. L. L. Dunn,
Glendale Sanitariun Personnel
Glendale, California & Hospital Director
Dear Brother
Dunn:
We are pleased
to spend two days on to know that it
present
our
will be
to the problen your fiim, campus I
to intervier possible for
of
believe this is seniors and you to
interesting young
an excellent also
Dafortuntely because of
the dates of
people in
approach
from
the culture week February 15
hospital work,
hovever, Pebruary be 13 to the
progran which and 16 are not
certain times willing to evening of
has been available
for the student during the announce the February 18, We scheduled
to have you
body in day. This may showing be of the film would,
hospital work. visit any seniors general. Of course moze convenient as of
Let
that may be we wizi be
us know
interested happy
the film at iFieie
in
and
certain times satiafactory to
to have ssmediatesy
during the schedule the
you visit following our
the Supper day especially showing of
campus.
hour. We wili during
be glad
Very sincerely
yours,
g1
WiIbert M.
Acadenic Dean Schneider

--- Page 2 ---
1509 EAST WILSON AVENUE (P.O. BOX 871), GLENDALE 6. CALIFORNIA Cltrus 4-4684 . CHapman 5-1121
lendale Sanitarim and Hospital
January 22, 1962
W. M. Schneider, Ph D., Academic Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Doctor Schneider:
As I visit the colleges again this year, we hope to do a more efficient
job of attracting college students to denominational careers. If the increasing
needs of our expanding medical institutions for staffing are to be met, then the
combi ined efforts of all of us are necessary.
For this reason, at least in part, we have recently produced an 18-minute
film entitled "LIFELINE". This film portrays the many hands and skills necessary
to staff a modern medical facility. Our hospital story needs to be told across
the country in all of our colleges, not only to seniors, but to all college
students. This, I believe, is one way to acquaint our young people with the
opportunities, as well as find the Adventist personnel needed to staff our
expanding medical institutions.
My spring itinerary includes a visit again to Southern Missionary College
on Thursday and Friday, February 15_and 16. Would it be possible, do you think,
to wanpange for a Showing of "LIFELINE" to the college women at their evening
worship period on Thursday evening, February 15. (3 out of 4 hospital workers
are women). Perhaps specific college men interested in future hospital careers
might be invited to see this picture. I will have the equipment with me for
showing the film,
We have written to a number of the seniors who are listed in your 1962
brochure. I would appreciate it if you could notify the seniors that I will be
at Southern Missionary College from Thursday morning, February 15 and onward
and will be glad to interview those we might be able to interest in Glendale
placement.
We are well pleased with the workers on our staff who are graduates of
Southern Missionary College for they are doing very well. I shall appreciate
your reply and any suggestions you might have as we plan for this visit to your
fine school.
Very sincerely,
L. L. Dunn, Personnel Director
GLENDALE SANITARIUM and HOSPITAL
LLD/bn
