
--- Page 1 ---
S
(haac0). d.U.0.
eI bicowr Bov ssri let Jou ob HOV 31 38 daes sodrsvol eis 03 solng
sis as evIes bfucoset erloess 3 03 aidismogaer airs etegaleb 03
Ioorfoe CON 7o3 moazsg dossnoo
srini NoT rlw August 4, 19630m0q00 eds od pisvrel sailoof s I
1 noiru Eerluoe ss 30 nemow bno nsa Bmpov e 3o nolteoube
aofnleoiris boos soris Toregos vienoio yes dzoir sau ev svelied
Mr.c.U. Dunbebin, Principal esiogantt Vistiv ai egelloo bas mabmatesmod
Highland Academy 03 au z01 sidlesoc ed Hh 3 sas I asnebnta 3LO 30 sasoore
Portland, Tennessee
ezsu aer vV o3 al vilsaceteg
Dear Mr. Dunbebin: 00 03 sert Isel eessig woV 0s eomadalaas Vs 3o ed van 117
On April 22 the Educational Boardvoted that the academies in the
Southern Union Conference would participate in the ACT program.
In fact, Southern Missionary College has now made this test a require-
ment for admission for the 1964-65 academic year. It was recommended
at the Educational Board meeting that these tests be given in the fall of
the year. After talking with Doctor R. F.Thomason, the ACT repre-
sentative for the South East, it was decided that each academy would
be recognized by the ACT program as a testing center.
Consequently I would like for you to designate one individual on your
campus as the ACT contact representative. This individual would be
responsible for giving the tests and returning them to ACT for scoring.
Complete instructions for administering the tests are included. They
are relatively simple to administer and any teacher who has given
standardized tests previously should have no trouble administering
these tests. This way it will save the college considerable expense
and should be even more effective. There is frequently a negative
psychological factor introduced when someone outside of the academy
comes in to give tests.
As you know, the cost of the test is to be paid by the student. The fee
is $4. We hope that you will require this test of all your seniors even
though some of them think they are going out of the union to school and
will not need to take the test. It appears that most of our colleges are
now going on the ACT program. Consequently it may become a nation
wide requirement very shortly.
I hope it will be possible for you to forward the name of the individual
who will serve as the ACT contact person on your campus to me as
soon as possible. I want to get all of this information to Doctor Thomason
before the end of the summer so details may be sent to this individual
