
--- Page 1 ---
6
November 21, 1961
Mr. A. Eari Hall
637 Palo
P
Mountain Alto Avenue
View, Califoria
Dear Uncle:
It was so kind of
In given your greetings you to to write us a note.
many fact, friends I did that this all names mentioned Believe in
me we have
should have Scattered throughout morning in faculty meeting. your letter.
that you are limited that to this the uiverse.
You have
certainly a friend of worid but I do feei Perhaps I
It was kind of
the Godhead.
sincerely
years ago. We hope you to refer back to the
served us so
that we have not
old annuals of
are still there ably. The zoad is
disappointed
severai
to be expe rienced. sometimes rough but those who
Our schooi is
the fruits
increase in our growing rapidly. We
Many been possible if enrollment We had
this fali experienced and
a 22 per
problens
not built a
this could
cent
we are
arise when
new ladies
not have
having a good school experiencing such an dormitory.
For the fall
year.
increase but
feet of H. M. week S. of pra yer we were
will have Elder Richards and his privi leged to sit at
campus for the Detamore and his group. In the
the
is gone and week of prayer. evangelistic spring we
everything that again it seems as if One-fourth it
of the group on our
one sets out to do. is impossible school to
year
My dear parents
accomplish
Mother now is 76 are visiting uS at
My he father, too, seems years of age, she this time and
cannot stay away to be well and seems to be doing although
Monroe, is
from the farms in although he has very well.
Physical operating the farns and Oklahoma.
retired
recall Melvin Therapy at Loma Linda,
he 12ow has
My brother,
East Cooper Ehrlich who is California. You a-boy taking
A1l of these Church. Vernon Voth farming is there in the will also
Keene, Texas. young people have had also there with area of the
perhaps We
Ardith and I got children in the his family.
of time while pushed ouE
started a little school at
children.
we were educational programs for late but
younger. We have a
a Jonger period
Jovely family of four

--- Page 2 ---
637 Balo ali Cece,
Mountain View, California,
November 12, 1961.
Dear Friends of yesteryear, this year and tomorrow Year--
Greetings frm the Old Uncle-
We are just home from the evening Meeting, and it is early; so I thought I would do
what I said I woukd- write to the Class Sponsor of the 1962 Clàss in S. M. C. Here
are myz hearty congratulations.
Also to the President, Pr. Conard Rees for the Ingathering "ecord; all of you share
in this good report; but as Presii dents receive generous criticism for much for which
they are not reposnsible. here is a bit of gory for the efforts of the School as a Body.
Return to you- I have before me the following-- Annual,1944, the Golden Anniversary
Number- page one of the Class Roster- Sponsor, Wilbert Schneider; Francis Knittle,
Prèsident; Marjorie Wearre r, Pecretary.
Class 1943- Wilbert Schneider; This is the Junior Class; Orville Fillman, President;
Fay Vaughn, Secretary.
Class 1938- Wilbert Schneider, President; "ilda Fern remley, SecretaryyPhasurer.
A. Earl Hall
Sponsor. By your name you left these kinf words;" I
have enjoyed our close association this year and from
onjro shall be my. "Uncle."' -So many Thanks.
Illustrous Members aside f rom You; Hilda Hemley, Altus Hayes, George Thompson, Abnie
Laurie Gifford. Blirabeth"ansker, Rosa Hassenflg,
James Anderson, etc.
Now- The Year 1961 and it is about gpne. I am not unmindful tof others there. And you
have before now at le ast met our Daughter, Mrs. Patti Black; Patsy Black, and the Junior,
be Paul Black; he is in the Chur ch School. Mrs. Hambeth I met in Minnesota under the
late Dr. A. W. Johnson; Wiss Lindberg, Miss Wood and Miss Bneckman at Keene and Miss
-
Wood at Union. Dr. Bushnell we know at Keene. And Miss Westphal from Keene too. think
this is the list.
And who could f orget Brother "Bill" Taylor???? And he includes
a Miss Elsie May. Well, good folks here is my best wishe f? you. My days are over for
work; I am however still wiking at the Acdemy in the -ibrary; a few hours weekls is all.
But I like it and have been able with money to build it up well.
Now the glare on the ma chine says stop. We visited the Hamiltons three weeks ago; they
are not as you knew them; but still he is full of STORIES. indly give the President
our best wishes; tell him;not necessary- that typing is a real task for me and the lighs
on the keys does not help much. Please, wehn you can. would appreciate you having our
Folks meet your Family; it will being them a bit of cheer.
Prebably
forur
As ever; S. W. J. C.'s Old Uncle
you
Tue Séevelaucacen
Whi Ge Barljlla
Dml Tyhst.
