
--- Page 1 ---
S
(hanesy DIMSE.A Ssdos.sM
bar hidend  Sna TO dsod I Eanil pehroling Bolaolans ma I
aas ens e ak a as nooB as niseilod wrer a SOK bass hr
707 Pecasy as oV 03 nisil au fFr notens April 19, 1964 
ovse Terismt Vs o Bc y 13 7E5V Jocrioa gnimoo srb  ancig
s oases o e85 isai easakT
Mrs. Robert A. Hamm
Colegio Elcampo - -
sanis eoM
Santa Elena de Upla
Via Villavicencio
Columbla, South America
sRD.W.
Dear Mrs. Hamm:
nses aimohasA
We appreclate your recent lettez in which you inquire about the
posslbility of your husband taking flight training and ham radio
instruction while he is on furlough in the United States. Unfortunstely ma
we do not offer any formal courses in any df these areas. However,
we do have a very active amature radio club on our campus under the
direction of Mr. A. L. Watt, an instructor in the Physics Department.
Elder Bruce Johnston, the head of our Religion Department, is also the
sponsor of a new Flying Club. Neither of these programs is within the
curriculum, however, but aze both extracurricular in nature.
I believe both Pacific Union College and Andrews University are now
giving college credit for flight instruction. I do not know, however,
af any college that is giving credit for instruction in ham radio.
Housing is also a problem at Southern Missionary College 88 it is at
most of our colleges as most of our housing is taken up by married
students from within our own unlon. At the present time we do not have
a need for Spanish instructors since Doctor Clyde Bushnell and Miss Olive
Westphal are meeting this need very adequately in both the academy and
the college.
There would be work opportumities for your son here in the summer.
Many of the academy students are able to make almost enough from
their summer work here in one of the industries to pay thair tuition
in the academy for the year.

--- Page 2 ---
Mrs. Robert A. Hamm (Contd)
2
I am enclosing application blanks for both you and your husband and
will send you a new bulletin as soon as it is off the press .
We trust this information will be helpful to you as you make your
plaas for the coming school year. IfI may be of any further service,
please feel free to contact me.
mmaH A Tdos .37
Most sincerely yours, ogmsoia okgoloo
siqu sb sasig aina2
olonsoivalv DFV
solirsak ditog aidmloo
J. W. Cassell, Jr.
Academic Denn
mmaH . 87M 2s9a
-
eds suode salupni DOV roidw nl asd3el 10083 oV oislosaggs SN
oibsT asd bas gninis siigin snbiss bnadani 3upV lo vallidleaos
Enclosure usoinu 851532 besinu sdis n! dguoiul no ai ad slirw nolouien!
TSVSWOH - a8078 sasds 3o Ys a 808703 Iol ys 79ho Jon ob BR
sds zsbms auqnss 340 no dilo olbsr oimsme evidoa voy B svad ob Sr
insmnsgaa eplays ers l zodoudani EB 31EW7 .A.IM lo noloszi
sris osls al nomagoa noigllsal IUO Jo braii srls nodanriol soura zobia
adis nkrisiw al amegong sosris 3o zacisisy dup aniy won B lo 7oBno4a
sutant nt saleoiexixs od 513 sud asvewori nuinahus
won 57 Miazayinu avsnhnA bas egslleo coiau oillong sitod evslisd I
asvouod woni son ob I molloudan! igin z01 1lbeto sgalico anivis
oibar msri a noiomsar 701 Slbez snvis al 1ds sgallos (s lo
1s al 31 Bs sgolloo tunolseiM madsuos 38 msidoza B cals si anlavoH
belam vd qu nsolss el gnlanod O 3o Seon 5S asgellos TUO lo Ssoms
eved Sor cb 6N7 emis 3n98019 ors 3A noin awo 3o niifslw mol airsbie
evlIO aslM bns Uondfans ebyp zoo0a sonle ezosourdent risinsg Tok beas a
bas nebass sili rijod ni isisupobe vev bssar slifs Saheent 55 leriglesw
ogolioo sis
moma aris ml szed nos IUOL o) asblaumoggo szowr sd blvonr sIodT
mon dguone seomin eslern 03 sids S aEshste ymebsos odt 3o vM
nolaius ziods Va 03 eoijauhnt ars to sho nl srari asow zemmua aeris
88v ers so) Vmebans eris nl
