
--- Page 1 ---
I
July 5, 1961
Doctor Russell Hanson
Flatirons Medical-Dental Building
350 Marshall Road
Boulder, Colorado
Dear Russell:
While in Denver. during January attending a convention, I had the
opportunity of visiting Campion in the interest of securing one
of their teachers, and then on ny way back to Denver I stopped at
Boulder to see all of you there at the Flatirons Medical Center.
It was disappointing to miss seeing you, but I did have the oppor-
tunity of visiting with Gordon, I understand that you were also
involved in a meeting in Denver that afternoon.
Gordon has perhaps told you of our plans to again take a vacation
in the Mountains of Colorado this summes r. I suggested to Gordon
in Januaxy that perhaps we could a1l get together for a short while
in order to renew our friendships.
We hesitate to request the use of your cabin. You have always been
so kind and considerate, but we do not wish to impose on you in this
respect. I have informed Gordon that we plan to be in Colorado the
week of August 6-12. We will perhaps not arrive in Bouldez until
Somet time the 7th, and if it were possible to use your cabin during
that week, we could locate ourselves the 7th and perhaps we could
all get together sometime during that week, either in the mountains
or at someone's place there in Boulder. Gordon suggested that maybe
we could get together at his place with Joe Beckner and his wife
coming in from Loveland.
We realize that you have other friends and relatives who frequent
Colorado in the summer tine and of course you too will wish to use
your cabin. Should it be in use during that week, please be frank
to say so. Tt may be that the cabin belonging to Dr. Page will also
be in use. In any event we would very much Like to get together with
some of our old friends and enjoy a good visit. To be able to use
your cabin again would be more than could be expected.
We would be pleased to hear from you in regard to your plans for that
period of time, but we do hope that it will be possible to get together
some evening or afternoon. Give our personal regards to Dr. Page and
his wife Mabel.
Dordially your friend,
g1
Wilbert M. Schneider
