
--- Page 1 ---
April 1, 1966
&
Mrs. Marcus Hartlein
117 Woodland Drive
S
Berrien Springs, Michigan
Dear Betty Lou:
I can't tell you how much I appreciate the information you sent me.
We are in desperate need of a second teacher in our speech depart-
ment, I have already gotten in touch with Elder Elton Wallace and find
that he will not be available for employment until a year from this com-
ing fall. He apparently wants to get his class work finished at Michigan
State prior to going into college teaching.
At this point I have not been able to get in touch with Miss Donice Polk.
I do remember her well and feel that she would make a fine contribution
toa commumications program. She seemed to be a very talented and
intelligent person. I cannot find a number listed for her at the address
in Loma Linde that you sent. I am still checking this out, however,
and probably will be able to get in touch with her in a few days.
Iwish ft were possible for you and Marcus to come to the sunny
southland and teach for us. Possibly this will work out at a later time.
Again, let me say how much I appreciated the information you sent me.
Charlotte and the children send their greetings. If you folks pass this
way, be sure to stop and see us.
Sincerely yours,
J. W. Cassell, Jr.
Academic Dean

--- Page 2 ---
Berrien Springs, Michigan
March 20, 1964
Dr. J. W. Cassell
Southern Missi onary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Jack:
Sorry for the delay in sending you this information. Just last
night I located the address for Donice:
Miss Donice Polk
11082 Richmont
Loma Linda, California
As you likely know, she is the former Mrs. Robert Hunter. There has
been a divorce and he is no lenger in the church. Despite these
circumstances, recommendations here for her are excellent, and a
friend of hers here who knows her well told me she is very eager to
get back into denominational work--is now teaching in a public high
school.
The other name which I am acquainted with is Elder Elton Wallace,
who is currently studying speech at M.S.U. I haven 't known how to
locate his address, but do know that his daughter Karen is a student
at Grand Ledge Academy. He has an outgoing personality, and is an
excellent leader. We knew him slightly when they were in Washington
some years ago. Has two children--wife teaches grade school.
If this informati on can help you any, we shall be glad. Knobby
told us the other day the academy was turned down flat on accreditation
because of poer facilities--had you heard? A1l is well here.
Cordially,
Mrs. Mapcus Hartlein
