
--- Page 1 ---
April 8, 1964
Elder Don Hawley
320 West Stre Joseph Street
Lansing, Michigan
Dear Elder Hawley:
I appreciate your letter of inquiry concerning our graduates in
secretarial science. I am enclosing a current copy of our 1964
placement brochure which will list the names of our two-year
secretarial science graduates but does not picture them.
I have heard that Elder Caviness' . daughter, Judy, is planning to work
in the Michigan Conference Office next year. I don' N know if it would
be possible for you to employ her or not. I understand she is a very
good secretary and would probably do a nice job for you.
We have three other two-year graduates who according to our records
have not been placed yet. Mary Branch, whose name you will not find
among those listed, but who is recently qualifled for graduation, and
Lynda England and Bdith Vigil are not yet placed.
You are certainly free to contact these girls by phone at the women's
residence hall or we would be more than happy to set up personal
appointments with them if you desire to visit the campus.
The one four-year secretarial science major, Lynda Fikes, is
marzied and 80 is not available for placement.
getting
IFI can be of further service, please feel free to contact me.
Very sincerely yours,
J. W. Cassell, Jr.
Academic Dean

--- Page 2 ---
Jha
beuess -
eEan a
Michigan
SBEBE

ESEBE
Confahence
OF SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTISTS
THREE HUNDRED TWENTY WEST ST. JOSEPH STREET . LANSING, MICHIGAN
Department of
Public Relations
POSTAL ADDRESS: Box 900
TELEPHONEESE EE
IVANHOE 5-2226
AREA CODE 517
April B, 1964
Dear Brother Cassell:
Pardon the informal note and poor spacing, but I am doing my own
In other words, I am in search of a good secretary. And I believe typing this is just not now.
the first time I have written your office about such a matter, - at Andrews that
is.
I am well aware of the fact that by this time most graduates are
there are sometimes shifts. Then there may be a couple of
spoken II
for, but
not recommend, but I would not be interested in any such, As "spares' that you can
a wonderful place to W ork here in Lansing, and Public Relations you is know, we have
field. If you have any ideas at all as to who might enjoy
a fascinating
let me know.
working here, please
By the way, I would very much appreciate having a copy of your 1964 graduate
placement booklet. Thanking you in advance for any help you may be able to
give.
Sincerely,
Don Hawley
Public Relations
