
--- Page 1 ---
January 21, 1959
Eider Roland R. Hegstad, Book Editor
Southern Publishing Association
Box 59
Nashville 8, Tennessee
Dear Brother Hegstad:
I have not been able to read the manuscript which
That is difficult in school life with fifty
you sent me at a single sitting.
this case including a substantial part of the peoplé a day in one's office--day in
night as well.
The writer, Fritz von Horsten, one of the chief
we1i known to me. In fact, I figure in the
characters in the story, is indeed
who we lcomed this bashful lad to Helderberg story incidentally as the principal
College.
I shall not restrict myself to the set form of the evaluation
report in my remarks.
This brother has made quite a name for himself in the
having won several honors in South Africa. He has field of Afrikaans poetry,
is not so evident in English as in his mother
an undoubted literary gift which
tongue.
His writing is imaginatives it has the fee1 of the wide
by one who has traversed those lonely outposts of the open velt readily appreçiated
of the Kalahari Desert.
never never land on the fringes
To my mind the cohesion is rather poor
in the
pages are halting and uncertain. The characters especially
first half. The first few
real worid. Even for one who knows that
do not seem like real people in a
country we1l it seems nebulous.
The story illustrates the paltriness of the lives of
near the alluvial diamond fields, with all their
the people who have lived
their pro-Nazi sympathy, the completely inaccurate prejudice against the English,
be lieved wholeheartedly by an unenlightened
historical references but
is akin to that of the most remote Southern people. The thinking of these people
Africa has swept on and left this vestige of mountain the
folk years ago. Life in South
past out in the back areas.
The people love the desert and wide open
of interest and idealized them until their spaces. desert They have taken the few things
becomes almost a thing of beauty.
The book has certain merits, but to my mind its sequence is
uncertain; it is not unified. As much as I like the
poor, its purpose
recommend it so far as I am concerned. The brand of author I cannot honestly
stories is one that I have never met elsewhere. I humor as revealed in the lion
by anyone else. Thesé incredulous tales
wonder if they would be appreciated
except to see who can invent the most implausibie are legion. The people have no entertainment
So much for There is a Bridge.
tales, Sort of slapdash humor.

--- Page 2 ---
2
January 21, 1959
Elder Roland R. Hegstad
conversation of a few months ago. I have day dreamed for
I have not forgotten our two of which I feel are needed. Our history teachers
some time of three books,
a book on Ancient Civilizati on written from
in conventions have several times urged the historicity of the 01d Testament and
a Christian vieupoint and vindicating A second book would be one showing the
the prophecies of the O1d Testament.
that needs more of 1ife
providences of God throughout history, a tremendous of doing job the job. It would be an
than I may have left even if I were capable to the special chain of historical events.
applied Christian philosophy of history
spaking--the story in book form of
The third one would be a picnic relatively America from South Africa during the
our three months' adventure getting to
fun--about a 250 page book.
second world war, no footnotes, no bibliography, just
The famiiy is in New York now at the Center. 1'11 be glad to welcome them
back in two weèks for a short stay.
Cordially,
G. E. Shankel
Academic Dean
je
Under separate cover--manuseript
