
--- Page 1 ---
/
-
January 22, 1962
Eider E. F. Hein
Superintendent of Education
P/ 0. Box 580
San Jose, Califomia
Dear Brother Heim:
We appreciate your letter in which you have inguired regarding
our graduates of 1962.
We would not be apposed to a declaration of open seasoz beginning
with February 1. In the meantime I should like to give you a
little informetion concerning one of our college staff members.
You have asked the names of individuels capable of teaching in
the science and mathematics fields. Mr. A. L. Wiatt of our
facuity is presently teaching in our Physics Department. Mr.
Watt taught at our Helderberg Africa College for a nuber of
years before retuming to the states. Both Mr. and Mrs. Watt
are wonderful Christinn people and we enjoy having then with
us very mch. We have observed, however, that it is rather
difficult for Mr. Watt to encompass a13 the college teaching
in physics that is called for today. The field of science
has moved so rapidly that it las left him somewhat behind our
time. This is duse to his long absence from the states. It
is true, however, that Mr. Watt is doing much better this year
than he did last year. Neverthe: less it is tasing his reserve
to keep up with the program.
We believe that Mr. Watt would do vezy we 11 on the secondary
level and should he receive an appointment at one of our
larger academies on the West Coast, he. will perhaps be
interested in making the change. Please understand it is
not our thought to sell Mr. Watt but we do want him to be
happy in knowing that he is doing a good job. He has worked
hard and I belseve he feels as if he has encompassed the
program a bit moze this year than he did last yeas. Mrs. Watt
is a very taiented lady and has done much in the field of
music. We would not be apposed if you wold establish contact
with these people. In the long run it may be necessary for us
to replace them with an individual more recentiy trained in
physics field.

--- Page 2 ---
Elder E. F. Heim (Cont'd)
2
Of the names listed in the Senior Placement Brochure under
elementary education, the only ones that are aot yet obli-
gated under a contract arrangement are Carolyn Buckingham,
Marilyn Garrison, Lucille Graham, 01lie Mae Metts, and
Nancy Reid, Carolyn Buckingham is married and her husband
has no particular profession or trade. Perhaps he could be
used for driving a bus or in maintenance work around the
school. Carolyn has tws little children.
Marilyn Garrison wils be marrying a senior by the name of
David Parires wiose name is listed under chenistry. Both
these young people would serve faithfully and well. Hewever,
David wouid be more interested in teaching science on the
secondary level. I believe David will have sufficient hours
in edecation to certify. His parents are presently serving
in India. I an
I am not too well acquainted with Lucille Graham but perhaps
you would not wish to get too deeply involved without knowing
her as some of us do.
01lie Mae Metts wiil be getting married to a young man destined
for Loma Linda. Perhaps I could recommend to you a youmg lady
by the nane of Nancy Reid who will be finishing In sumner school.
Hez nane Was inadvertently omitted from this brochure, but Nancy
will be finishing in summer schooi and of course wi1l be anxious
to find eployment. We believe Nancy wond do a very fine job.
We also bave Nancy*s sister and brother with us this year. A11
these children are fron South Africa where the pazents are
serving as missionaries. I be. lieve Nancy would prefer an
appointent on the Nest Coast.
We have a young lady here by the name of Ruth Fartz whose name
is listed under biology. Ruth would be capable at teaching
biology and Spanish. Ruth comes to us from a Spanish speaking
field although she is of European descent. She speaks with a
Spanish accent but is doing a very nice job in the practice of
teaching of biology.
Mr. David Villemain graduating with a major in Natural Science
is available on the secondary level and we believe he should
do a good job. Perhaps he would be able to handie the math
as well as some of the sciences. Under the section entitled
Secondary Bducation, you will note the name of Robert Adams
who is presently doing some teaching in the Chattanooga school
systen in the field of Industrial Arts. He is capable of
teaching in this area as we1l as bookkeeping. The men in the
school system have indicated to us that he is doing a good job.

--- Page 3 ---
Eider E. F. Hein (Cont'd)
3
Another couple in which you may have some interest is
Mr. and Mrs. Paul Holden. Paul would be capable of teaching
languages, Bible and English. Paul is quite a linguist and
should be able to do a good job. Mrs. Holden would aiso be
capable of teaching in some of these areas but has also
received training in conducting a 1ibrary. She has been a
faithful wozker in the library and should do a fair job in
an acadeny. Mr. Holden's father is a chaplain for our boys
in Europe.
I believe I have given you a1l the infomation which you may
use in connection with our graduates. There is still another
young lady by the name of Sandra Eiliott who will be finishing
with a major in English. Sandra should be able to do a good
job in the teaching of English. Occasionally she has demoni-
strated some degree of immaturity but since her arrival on
this campus, she has certainly grown up a great deal. Sandra
is capable and we believe she will develop into a fine teacher.
Should you wish any further information in regard to any of
these young people, wé shall be pleased to hear from you
again.
Very sincerely your S,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
g1

--- Page 4 ---

--- Page 5 ---
CENTRAL CALIFORNIA
CONFERENCE
OF SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTISTS
1691 THE ALAMEDA
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA
P. O. BOX 580
CYPRESS 7-1584
January 11, 1962
Depariment of Education
Mr. Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Professor Schneider:
We have just received the Southern Missionary College booklet
presenting the graduates of. 1962.
May I ask when it would be in order for a union so far
removed to contact prospective workers of your territory?
We are primarily interested in elementary teachers. We
have some good openings for placement on the single grade
level. If you know of experienced workers who are qualified
in the administrative field or in the teaching of science and
mai thematics, we would like their names and addresses.
We like the way that your seniors are presented. It gives
rather a full pictures both from the standpoint of appearance
as well as background of training, etc.
We would appreciate hearing from you in the near future.
May I ask if Mr. and Mrs. Elmer Baker are available to teach
outside the Southern Union? We have some places where we
could use couples.
Cordially yours,
EFH:bep
E. FHeim
1/15/62
Superintendent of Education
via air mail

--- Page 6 ---
AMMROTIJAD ASTWSO
013937M03
TYO 56 MTMAVS 10
MaT 22355Y0
062 w03a 9
AMIOTGAO JeouuA2
AMAS H 1
moilsovba io hanthesad
Sou aI aoumst
uIsmsa N ssdnw 
npa alasbosA
sgolleo imnolaai medsioa
ssamonnsT lsbagslloo
sablanos zoeaslois 35G
Salslood egelloo aosM asiduos sda bsvissss p8pL svad Sk
sael ho asssubsra ars NalanpesT
s1 98 nolnu S z0à rabzo a1 od binow 11 noifw Slas I YaH
Baosinag TDO do aissou pviaaageorg dosanos 0a Bovoss
W asposu Masirulaa nr biasren Eilag 075 
absag ssne sis no aaomsosis 01 g agu 500g ama svsii
bmlausap s orN aaaNaow basashogan ha sronsl po aI loval
bna sousios S0 aalidonas as a 70 bina pwiaatialmiabs ais n
asuauthhs bnu aomin ada sD huos W lasasian
asvia 3I bsIapEsS A7R aToims uoy Sarft Kaw sas 01 W
sons5saqgs 3o smroghmata sda soa dsod bamsoig Ihut n Jodass
35 gninissa 3o bmuoraand 36 Hat 2a
sndoa man sds  Do% no1 gnlanr atelsasggs bivo ar
dasss 00 aIdalisvn ST5 s Sas eaM bns M 33 dan J KaN
sVr assrw asosls anoR bvari W Ynonu msituca as ablasuo
vanigen 034 Luos
auoy yIbyoD
T
-
gudia
nodanaubs lo mbasanlseque
Selary
Bisn S 8
