
--- Page 1 ---
E
Ganco) mil : mbIE
si0 dane droda agalestztor olianosos Vienlgenco a elanu soed
donand oit Calised 5o atiidianoqaen arb amisas iaiw dou Mionijud
ia vd ongooss alseb) ag dawr nahluiD Enn sva a loesHM
lnt sn 3 odnm
oed oni imohes May 30, 1963 fsmnl M w amlbipeb sot
4w Sorehognnoo lanpar amo8 oven 0 ueV saoone Blunwl
olon 30 pies a eulinop 03 sarlerlw bohioohnu Dood asi GH ni
a7 srovos 302 anisni atdi bodinisib erd aT onle Tailomos
Elder E. F. Heim M : nego dctoil a heiainodnl aabhnw sif Jb lest Jon Bb I
Superintendent of Educationol bain ni mld osel a3 dale Vant Dot bue afs ml
P. O. Box 580
San Jose 6, California
oails vev
Dear Brother Heim:
Mr. Lyle Hamel has been on our staff here for approximately four
years as band director and the one largely responsible for the teaching
of instrumental lessons. Mr. Hamel has always conducted a very
successful band, both on the academy and college levels. Recently he
took his band on a tour through Florida at the time of the Southern Union
Conference Session. While at Forest Lake Academy he received a
standing ovation for the performance rendered. Of course Mr. Hamel
once served that institution as its band director. I would not for a
moment hesitate to employ Mr. Hamel 88 a band director and instrumental
teacher on the academy level nor on the college level with the exception
that I feel that his treining does not permit him to carry through with
majors in the instrumental field. Mr. Hamel once served as band
director of the Wisconsin Academy prior to his association with Forest
Lake Academy. His brother is head of the Music Department at Andrews
University and of course his father is an old-time band director in some
of the Wisconsin high schools.
Mr. Hamel has expressed a desire from time to time to be an academy
principal. We will never know how he could perform in this area but my
feeling is that this is not the role that he should be playing. He has also
expressed the desire to move out of the field df music and teach science
and mathematics on the secondary level. I feel that he should stay in the
band field but sometimes personality problems arise within a music
department which promotes ill winl within the department. I have observed"
the problem in this institution and it would be difficult to define responsibility
for it. Sometimes musicians have peçuliar quirks that have to be accepted.
I should add that other members of our department are not exceedingly
happy with the department chairman but they seem to go their own way
without too much fuss. Apparently Mr. Hamel and Doctor Taylor bave

--- Page 2 ---
Elder E. F. Heim (Contd)
2
been unable to completely reconcile their feelings about each other
but I would not wish to 1solate the responsibility of healing the breach.
Mr. Hamel is a very fine Christian with high ideals accepted by all
members of the family.
Before deciding where Mr, Hamel would actually perform the best
I would encourage you to have some personal correspondence with
him. He has been undecided whether to contimue in music or go into
sonething else. This las disturbed his thinking for séveral years.
I do not feel that he would be interested in the job open at Modesto. E zebla
Ia the future you may wish to keep him in mind for some other opening. oqua
Very sincerely yours, . sEolea
:aB Teriiora TaS0
7001 Vlsiamizonggs ol esri Wilbert M.'Schneider mER siy.IM
gnidosst ad no) sidienogger KiegAcademie Deanoenib bnad aB RISSE
YISV a bsdorrbnos syawis aad Jomsi TM enoeasi istmment lo
ori Vinissosl aisval sgelloo brs ymabsos sris no naod bnad Iulessooue
gi
noinu nsrinoa eds lo smis erl 33 sbizol depoi 7U03 B no bnsd Blil soos
B boviessz ari ymbsoA elel Jests 15 elidw nolessz sonsisinoD
lomeH 7M 583303 30 boxshrer sonsrolg siis zol nolssvo gmibrada
B 7o1 Jor blvow I zoiosrib bned esi as noluniian 3sris bovise sono
Isteamank bns Tojosib basd a as JersH M volgms 01 sislsor mnsmon
noliqsoxs arls dsis levsl egsfioo eris no On Ievel vinebsos eds no sellosss
ishz riguons VBO 03 min 1imzeg 301 esob arinlen ald snifs Tosl I Jarls
basd BB bavisa sono TemeH M bien Isicomen eibs au arolan
laszo 3 dsiw poiaatsosas al 03 zohg vinsbssA alanosaw sis lo zosasnib
awerbnA 35 ansmoqa slauM 6i lo basdi al aailiond all YmsbeoA sinl
smoa n zotostib basd emh-bio ns al zedal alil S8D00 So hne viszevinu
aloorioa rigir alenoosiw Gris lo
visbsos 1B ed 03 smb 03 smis mosl sriasb B bsaesigo anri IsmsH M
Vm sod 3675 alris ni molieg bioo sd wor wom I5vos Ilw sw Ieqlonhg
oaln Bs6 sH -gaivaig sd blvode od Jais sion ods Jon ai elis 3Rdis al anllool
saneioa roess bas slaum So bisit sris 30 100 svomT 01 enesb a bsasces
sis ai ysa bluorfa sd Jaris fesl I Isvel sbnoosa arls no eobaritiem bas
oleum B mhisiy sahs amoidorg vailonoezog semlamoe sud blen basd
'bsvsedo svad I . Imomrageb ers nidsiw Ifiw m assomon ilolrw asmiagab
ilidh lenogas snilab 03 alanib sd bluow 31 bne molsoiani sids ni maidcag ers
bsiasooe od 03 ovai 3ars akisp aailusog syad asistenm abrlonos  z0l
vignibesors Sort 93a inomaisqab UO lo aredmom Iarfso Jab bbe bivoris I
vsw Ewo Tlods 08 03 moss voris Judi msmaicdo aremrgab eis dlw vegeit
evad zofveT zojoa lns TomaH -TM vitnareggA 8083 dount 001 Ssorisivr

--- Page 3 ---
CENTRAL CALIFORNIA CONFERENCE
OF SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTISTS
PHONE 297-1584
1691 THE ALAMEDA P.O.BOX 580 SAN JOSE 6, CALIFORNIA
Department of Education
May 24, 1963
Dr. W, M. Schneider
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Brother Schneider:
Since we are not too well known with many people in your college
and since you are joining our field, we are wondering if you could
furnish us with a letter of introduction pertaining to Lyle Hammel.
We understand from a circular letter sent out by our union office
that he is possibly available for transfer elsewhère. We are aware
that we would need to go through channels in contacting Mr. Hammel.
If we could hear from you we would appreciate receiving this information.
We have an opening in Modesto for an associate in the field of music.
I think the major part of the teaching would involve band and band
instruments on the elementary level. They have a large academy band
and also a good elementary band, If you know of someone who might fit
into this situation, we would appreciate receiving the name. We are
not certain that Brother Hammel would be interested in teaching on the
elementary level.
We have had a letter from Mr. Luttrell.
Yours very sincerely,
E. F. Heim
Superintendent of Education
EFH:bep
5/27/63

--- Page 4 ---
3945A37909 IMRORMAD JAROS
3T3ITKINWA AU-MRRYaS 30
SOPI
-
sobisniss  -
sgatioo innodiN mansuoi
SaSRAnONT Safabealos
mabdseisi sdostt 2300
saalifog nos n sigasg gim nau inoial T poi son SMs a sonke
bune DRR 11 alubou u3E Bur sbin no sahoL aA oT monla Sais
Jamman a -1 aiaseu mogsutondal o sol B HasN au dekns
ae  tn d 35A J9 R paue D so Bhatamtint 
ST AT EN 8A9Xa 119173 702 sidsn vidimaos a od dnia
damm T an a6S 32 onane duos 09 R basa DJuEN at torit
son a mvbas ma1a524yB RAUGT SS  93E BJsa JM -
as To bisi oi ni sadaonca na 20 oitasbos al galudor as svsn 344
baait las Drad sulou Mluoe Baldoona sila Ro Funs sol SR hal 3
Mau es 9854 pal vadn Tovel stbvels aifa n Shsmatan
ET3 un odr IoRos as vomi Dos EI nad sandosimta bunt S pai s
A 5N aii BA sapoy aaisswgs MURT a0 oldanon aia pint
a no ardnea n bmdas ari biuow TamsE sorsona se MSg ou
ova VB noulu
asd. - al az Dan n 3
Insisie 10 3107
BB
fdenod I gmnlupdahss
ed: -
Eas3 K
