
--- Page 1 ---
S
(hineD) ESH .T .E aba
ammaleufizuo o namiisda sd oVsbrev atw orbesles eari I a.
sd bme Bnobssintp a'seal gintsosos ammmtasa polaseinimha
a bnl svatl son siriezlaeb 003 od Ton Dluov Hema Jars sinldi a enses
Sebode Ienisro Vr a noed ava oafa hua gnlinsooos Jo Tash asg
bipoi onissos 3a May 21; 1963 3 Monmld 3a Jon hib nil Rnstangh
3557 Binbantisbg 2 noifu 3o dod oicos zebio na bmommooss 02 ST
Eld brs siocs vevast. solvane To amou l0 edru A barl everi 30u
-
Elder E. F. . Heim ooBstir pibnsd bhgg 1005.M Jlev yehens eds avsa bluen siv
Superintendent of Education ost noigiisa 8 iisiv galHetnh at ari rguors nov Visain ow
P.0. Box 580srero Smca gain bns Sror griasooos o snsoitts aidazoblenos 3 bad esil
San Jose 6, Callfornia aai hns sofeat acimonoas smoE S uhr zidain E7 00007.7M
sieghiaowl 03 dah ven PY egsde bleit ais a cosel 4qo eidenoila
Dear Brother Heim: o a asoa d ani Ecnota 29 aiquos alh aahoagor seia)
Thank you for your kind welcome to Pacific Union College. We shall work sifoad
closely with you men in cherconferences and hope that a good work can be
accomplished on that campus.
You mentioned some of your needs in the conference academies.
Approximately two years ago a young man by the name of Eugene Luttrell,
Box 2099, Collegedale, Tennessee, completed his work here at Southern
Missionary College in Business Administration. Mr. Luttrell has been
employed in the Chattanooga community since his graduation. Repeatedly
he has expressed his desire to get into denominational employment.
Mr. Luttrell is related to J. P. Laurence, principal of the Takoma Park
Academy.
Mr. Luttrell did not have an abundance of accounting in his Business
Administration curriculum but I would assume that he would have the
ability to do the accounting necessary at the Mountain View Academy
I called him this morning and he definitely expressed an interest and will
be writing you also.
I cannot evaluate this young man as I would lke to inasmuch as he finished
his program on this cempus the summer that we arrived. He was an
student, is married and I believe he has two children. Perhaps you will average wish
to follow through with this suggestion.
Secretarial science teachers have been very scarce indeed. We have no
suggestions to give you at this time. IEI can think af someone to fill this
need as well as your need in the Spanish language fieid, I shall callyou.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
gi
Academic Dean

--- Page 2 ---
Elder E. F. Heim (Contd)
2
P.S. I have talked to Wayne VandeVere, the chairman of our Business
Administration Department, concerning Luttrell's qualifications and he
seems to think that Luttrell would not be too desirable not having had a
great deal of accounting and also having been a very marginal student.
Apparently he did not exert himself at the time he went to school. I would
lke to recommend an older couple, both of whom are graduating this year
but have had a number of years of service. Mr. Harvey Foote and his
wife would serve the academy well Mr. Foote could handle the accounting S . reb
work: nicely even though he is finishing with a Religion majcr. Mr. Foote bosinhse
has had a considerable amount of accounting work and also some experience.zo
Mrs. Foote is finishing with a Home Economics major land has had con- o SBoL 12
siderable experience in this field. Perhaps you may wish to investigate
orf Zesa
further regarding this couple. Their pictures may be seen in our placement
brochure.
aow Ilade 9W syslioo noinu shiost 03 srosiss haist TUDT zo1 BOL SeaT
ed nao ovr boos B saris agor bna asorw. M.S. a PET uoZ dslw Kosob
angmas Jai no badalligmnoos
ssimebeos consialnoo siis ni ebesn MOV 3o amoa banolanom DoY
eaiu onsgus 3o Smen sdis vd nsm Entov B oga arsev owd Mssemhrongga
modtuoa 38 Brsii zow airl bsjoigmoo SseBenreT olabegatloD RPOS sroli
msed asdi He IM mobaralatmbA aeenleua mi sgsiloD pierolaaiM
vibsseeqs nolamubig atd ponha ydinummoo goonnseo ac ni boyolgms
Snamyoiqmo Immohanimonab otnl 3eg 03 sxiasb alit boeaoqpes Badi sd
shat smoseT ads 3o Ingionhg SOMSIIRI.T.Iot bssaler ai Ifera TM
mabsSA
aasnlaus alil al Snintooos Jo eonabeods ns sval 26 blb fenn .TM
srs svnri bitow sutal emmsas bluow I dud mrtroiru poiterialmimbA
obsoA wav misitoM sris 33 rinaaeosa Brlvrooss ers db o rallida
Iliw bns 38619ini as bsassaopts Viosinllab ori bns gnimonr alri mid beliso I
oals uotantilw sd
barialil ad BB dotmnannt a3 sl blvow I BS nam sot akis olsulsvo Sonnso I
Pgarove as 8577 9H - bavins 5W 3sd7 zsmmuR sds augnso ais no magong ali
daiw Iiw BOY eqaai -masbllo owj asil orl aveilad 1 has bahism el Sapbata
moiasgers abis diw dguozis wollolos
OA overf sW bonbri 503893 vey nasd svar aisfoass sasalos IaimerosB
elb in 01 saoanios lo sairs nso I9I smb alis 39 Jo ovis 03 enoheogaue
-IDV Has Iatis I bisil sgsrgnal delanga ods nl boan TO as Is Bs beon
aotilensns TsV
zablenioa .M asdiw
CEOGI stmobsoA
h

--- Page 3 ---
CENTRAL CALIFORNIA CONFERENCE
OF SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTISTS
PHONE 297-1584
16 91 THE ALAMEDA P.O.BOX 580 SAN JOSE 6, CALIFORNIA
Department of Education
May 13, 1963
Professor W. M. Schneider
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Professor Schneider:
I just wanted to write this little note in way of welcome,
We have just learned that you people are to come west and
that you will be serving Pacific Union College as scholastic
dean of that institution.
Since you are acquainted with California, you doubtless will
be looking forward to your new assignment with a degree of
interest. We do wish you and Mrs. Schneider well as you
take up this new but not strange work.
In the transfer of Dale McCune, currently serving as principal
of the Mountain View Academy, to Pacific Union College in the
capacity of dean of students, a vacancy has been created in
the academy involving the accounting department. Sylvester
Bietz, the present accountant and assistant manager, is being
moved up to the principalship. Do you know of some capable
person who could serve in this capacity?
Our Fresno Union Academy is also looking for someone to do the
accounting work. They would like a girl who has an interest
in P.E. They need someone to help with the P.E. program with
the girls. We are still looking for some capable women to
serve in our elementary schools. One of our senior academies
may have an opening in the field of language teaching involving
Spanish. Another school may need a secretarial science teacher.
If you know people who would fit into these vacancies, we would
appreciate your writing us air mail or telephoning us collect.
Cordially yours,
E. F. Heim
EFH:bep
Superintendent of Education
5/14/63
via air mail

--- Page 4 ---
3343431M93 MROSUMAS JABTSS
aTan3V0A YAD-TN3VaZ 70
Baur eT 114
sabismlon - . obasbon
wsalon eanolm)y morsusd
SuRRAAT bogalle
tasblomse osaslos ESAUT
oplss S SF sl udans siaul ss adi a1 baarnw aL I
San  Np9 6 a aigos NoR pm Bumag aau atnu Di
siaaslabs as agO aoint alalosst sadlyase au R poN Buibs
mslagsani sads Sa paob
TM uooaddodh LoR pimoiep  Bsamrpisa A us sons
0 a6zaab 7M dah ptomgEsan isit ucu oa bairrol anBosi pd
201 on d asbieaina a Sat pos alw da Ww davstans
Ea agupe dun gnd san dna H Balas
sgonig a SARVaes Migasus augoo sian a salmmuna ad D
ada nt PRRLoR m BP a  99J9 nissmuo Bia ha
a bacsess sad a aw A gusaw o mab da sgas
audaxa dsagab Sabmirnsos en BTon osbaas sria
galad a 90u Das ankn ona EmauosbN Jaansas as Sa1E
midsgso D DE Jo Pu i
hisissads af 6a E hsvos
R8 - shd m suana Bios a nozos
an & S SnoSE 302 Boo cal 1 smbmo nodu psunoa SD
aassal H s p 18 a  BIR Rar slirsur solamuopon
daist mgoss 3. a DS m a o haain va .nl
a mamow sdloys 6ca a ombions 1u3a 3 ak a aria
polmban omE SC de no lochau vasdasipls SUS nak vsa
anlvisi peulaend DIBI gaai 6 6us3 sila a zmlago as sVsi KA
dlosst igs nmingsne - bsua Sas Sooion sanizone islnaga
uce - sD39 anee naut ai Bonn orlur eigca sroiol Doy X
SSA 5 aarigaa 20 I  an sains supe aalosigs
pt nShraD
al 
anIsasls 1A 3aBFSe -
GdiEs
CetrE
Jr a IN
