
--- Page 1 ---
$
/
June 7, 1962
-
Elder B. F. Hein
Superintendent of Bducation
P. 0. Booc 580
San Jose, California
Dear Brother Fein:
Your letter to Mt. Taylor was referred to me for further
consideration in regard to your need for a qualified individual 1
to head the Einglish Department of one of your senior academies.
The members of this year's class have their appointments for
next year. California seems to be getting its share. Three of
our graduates wiil be teaching at Orangevood Acadeny in Southern
Californin and othess will be scattered throughout the state.
Several months ago I received a letter from a Mr. Steve
5801 Kaluia Street, Springfield, Virginia, in which he expressed Ward,
an interest in teaching in one of our academies. He has
that ive assist him in securing a position.
requested
At present Mr. Mard is teaching in a high school in Springfield,
Virginia. His father has been a colporteur in the Carolina
Conference for many years. Steve took his first two years on
this campus and later transferred to one of the Carolina State
schools to finish his education. He seems to be very mch
interested in getting into our schools. At the Carolina State
school he graduated in the top ten of his class. He should be
able to teach Anglish along with Social Studies. I believe he
has approximately 26 hours of coilege work in the field of
English and is presentiy teaching in the social studies. I
believe he has had considerable work toward the Master's
and it may be that he isrcompleting that this summer. Perhaps Degree
you will want to get in touch with hin to deternine his quali-
fications and interest.
A11 of the students wio majored in elementary education have been
plaçed and we uish we had dozens more.
It will be a privilege to see you again at the General Conference
Session in San Francisco. We hope that the conference will
seht a genuine spiritual feast.
repre-
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
g1
Academic Dean

--- Page 2 ---
Department of Education
entm! Califomia ConfeneedSn ayAdentiss
1691 THE ALAMEDA - RO. BOX 580 - SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA - CYPRESS 7-1584
June 1, 1962
&h
Professor William H. Taylor
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Professor Taylor:
We apparently did follow a wrong lead in writing you as we did relative
to your possible employment. We do appreciate the fine spirit that
manifest in your letter. We wish you well in your work of
you
future English teachers.
preparing
Incidentally, it looks now as if we may need a teacher qualified to head
up the English department in one of our senior academies. Do
of a capable person who might be made available? We would appreciate you know
receiving the name and address.
We still have some openings for women on the elementary level.
If you are at the General Conference, I would appreciate the
meeting you,
privilege of
Very cordially yours,
EFH: bep
E. F. Heim
6/3/62
Superintendent of Education
via air mail
