
--- Page 1 ---
October 12, 1959
Mr. Lawrence Higdon, Sr.
P. 0. Box 1635
Chattanooga 1, Tennessee
Dear Mr. Higdon:
Thank you for the materials sent to me a few days ago. I read the
articles on the subject under discussion and find then very good indeed.
I was not acquainted with the "Western Voice" although I have been
very we1l acquainted with the "Christian Heritage, - formerly the
"Converted Catholic," for a number of years. In fact, I was a
subscriber for several years but not at the present time.
The question which you raise as to whether Communism or Catholicism
is the greater menace to our constitutional and religious freedom is
a very worth-while question to raise. I do not know whether I an in a
position to express an opinion as to which is the greater menace, but
I knote both contain great dangers to our religious liberty. God's
word is very clear in the matter of the Catholic danger for in the book
of Revelation we have a number of symbols suggesting a power which
points very clearly to the power that the Catholics will be exercising
upon the earth in the closing days of earth's history, which I believe
we are entering. Communism as such may not be definitely spoken of
but as a movement opposed to religion it is definitely part of the
forces mentioned in the Bible as one of the movements of these days.
It is difficult to see at the present time how powe rs that are so
diametrically opposed to each other as Catholicisn arid Communisn could
ever join forces. There are strange things happening these days and
even that is not to be dismissed. In certain areas you will recall
that Communistic powe: IS have collaborated with Catholic powers. It
seems that they are both opposed to each other on re ligious growth
yet Communism has made tremendous inroads on Moslem countries these
days. A few years ago Communisn almost got control of Italy, which is
a strong Catholic country. So strange things do happen these days.
From the study of God's word I be lieve that before the end of time
there will be a combination of all the powers opposed to God's character
and truth cooperating in a movement to exterminate all truth. These
are certainiy interesting days in which we live and there are many
issues that are going to come to the forefront before the end of the
world.
With very kindest regards, and thanking you for your interest, I am
Very sincerely yours,
jr
G. E. Shankel, Academic Dean,
