
--- Page 1 ---
daer as Vl
S
noglH olaa aoa
nov dihe lenar a no einsestrosib mol ad Risr srofaly:25, 19659
Imres E kd bevoflol erobl baa einsaiegos sledis sesbar fhr zopy erke
plinal or ritiv noleatneis
Doctor Barle Hilgert, Acting
Andrews Universityns
Deanceag 03 beibilaup S 913 o7 sads hsE
I
Berrien Springs, Michigan 0  03 Insw sw aigod airts no ragan aahloyorg agorts dsot has
f Sas S no Sr an sollegininsg vinoat rbi as
Dear Barle: 10 Joe Salna a agnis darly Sauns ban ao ETivis hns UoK 3o ainirb aW
Plans are now under anivar way 0s for ho the, faculty dool vilaez Muo E sog fe ta 1 EwarbA
Colloquium to be held, September 7-8 onthe study part of the fell lwr amis altls brege AOE
Missionary College. On the 9th of September, campus the faculty ofSouthern will, zo1 derk rwob omoo
cake part in an ali -day picnic at some nearby recreational area. siue 03 magong 00
Currently, college educators mepe eirs axe zatepnos much conerned nov mox about grhs 1 ot hewot Sool Tarla I
"New Morality." We zead much.today in both, the mass the media so-called and
professional jourals conceming the moral revolution that seems
be taking place, especially among the college-age men and women to
our nation. Iam sure we axe all aware of the problems that
of
universities have had with student riots, açademic cheating and many sexual
promiscuity during the last academic year-bso
We must not reach the place where we are 60 naive as to think
these influences do not affect the liees of our students and faculty. that
Consequently, we have chosen as the theme "Seventh-day Adventist
Principles in Light of the New Morality" for the fall
We are planning to cover the following topics and have Faculty asked Colloquium. the
individuals listed to present them to the faculty:
Keynote Adaress--Relativim ar Aboslutism--Barle Hligert
Academic Dishonesty --Gordon Hyde
Intellectual Mediocrity- j. L. Clark
Comformity--Vermon Becker
wla--lwe Francis
Social Sandards--Evalline West
We would be most pleased If you could accept this invitation to take
paxt in our Faculty Colloquium. We would like for you to present
approximately a twenty-mimute paper on the topic assigned. Following

--- Page 2 ---
Doetor Barle Hilgert
2
July 25, 1965
presentationy Ithere will be four discussants on a panel with you
who your will present their comments and ideas followed by a general
discussion with the faculty.
H ofrsa 3odoaG
Ifeel, Barle, that you axe well qualified to present a stimuleting
alJ osshnA
and thought provoking paper on this topic. We want to try to encourage slM sahga noha
as mnch faculty partictpation as we can. We thik d
We think of you and Blvira often and trust that things are going well at :ols M5aa
Andrews. M at all possible, we would really look forward to having - won 9 anal
spend this time with us. Ifit would only be possible for you to
you down
for the one day byair, we woula be happy to arrange 03 mupollo
come
just
edmsiqaa 5o d sa Bo sglloo viamoleaiM
our program to suit your schedule.
amos is almlg yob- fs na at hes ofss
a938 iscoliosos vdrnea
I shall lock forward to hearing from you concerning douor B this enossoubo request. sgelloo ainsro
balimg-oa ors sods bamsnos
bess sWw B lGzoM wo"
has cibon aasm Shicerely yorpbum
Innolasolong
o3 amcoa 3ads molslovon Iszon sdb Sateonos afomol
sd
So nsmow hus nan sgs-sgallos arit amoma visloegas sosig zahlas
vmm sef acefdosg siis Jo PEWS Ila STS sW sne aaT .noban 7o
Jaunces bms gaismoio slgwCassell, Jr. a sithw bari svar soisierevine
AcademteDéar 3 daai ads saiub lupalmong
Isds Salib os e evian 08 07B sw sewr eosfq ods doss son sei sW
bas ainahata 7uo lo asell sris sosis Sos ob asonsulini oas
salinsvbA . valinn Vab-nevaer emsds erfi as asaodo ovad 5W insupoaoD
mulupolloo vatuans Ia sris nol 'valisIoM woM ert 3o arfgi.1 nl geiqiani
eds beles oval hna solqoi aahvollol ods zevoo o1 gninnsig a eW
mivosl orbs 01 mods Is5g 03 bodell afsbhribal
aeg ehmll-mmisidA 30 ahiatall--methA esorya
aby mbmb--phsmodaid oimsbaoA
sio - -E-hpelbsM Isuipsllesl
salsoll momy--plamolmso
aloas --
Jasw salley--abahasa Iaioo2
silas a molssh! alris 1q9008 blsoo ot 31 bsacolg ssomt ad blvow oW
sosanng 0s IPE z0l elli bluow sW mulupolloo vluoss 3IO n 3s9G
Srivollos besglasa piqos ads no zeqa4 samim-inous B Vletemiosgsa
