
--- Page 1 ---
May 27, 1960
Mr. R. H. Hoffman, Principal
Sandia View Academy
P.0. Boxc 623
Albuquerque, Newr Mexico
Dear Brother Hoffman:
In repiy to your letter of May 23 inquiring about graduates
that may qualify for the positions you have open, I am
certainiy very sorry that we do not have anyone. Out of
our graduating class of some 65 there are only three or
four that are not placed at the present tine.
One is a najor in Biology, one a major in Business
Administration and one in Music Aducation. I have
talked to the one majoring in Business Administration
and he is not interested at a1l in accounting so I
feel that he would not be interested. Othervise, there
is no one on our list that could qualify.
Most of our graduates were placed months ago including
all those whose names you mentioned in your last
paragraph. We aze sorry we cannott help you out. It
seens it is quite a late date to find so many people.
With very kindest regards, I am
Sincerely yours,
G. E. Shankel
Academic Dean
rn

--- Page 2 ---
Sandia CView Academy Church
of
Seventh-Day Adventisis
P.O. BOX 623
PHONE DI 4-5151
ALBUQUERQUE. NEW MEXICO
May 23, 1960
Mr. G,E. Shankel
Academic Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Mr. Shankel:
This letter should have been written some time ago but the ur-
gency was not as great as it is now. The purpose of this letter is
to inquire concerning some of your graduates and whether or not
are
they
still available for employment,
At present we are in need of several teachers and I will sta te
the fields that theyshould be qualified in order to meet our needs.
First of all let me Say tha t we are/alarge academy and therefore
there will of necessity be some doubling up on subjects rather than
teaching in just one field. Our enrollment at the beginning of this
school year was 85, but we are hoping for close to a hundred this
coming fall.
We can use an English teacher, secretarial, librarian, accountant,
and a dean of giris. If you have any husband and wife combinations for.
teaching that would be very desireable. We are in contact with sever-
al persons concerning some of the above positions but have no definite
plans as to placing any calls for them immediately. In trying to work
out the above teachers we are limited to hiring three persons to fill
these various positions. Oh yes, I should add that home economics
would be another teaching field that one of the individuals should be
qualified.
I have noticed the names of Ann Cunningham, Shirley Sunter, and
Carolyn Luce as being prepared to teach English. Then the names of
Ann McIntyrè; and Ann Elliott in secretarial science. I would appreciate
receiving their folders and any other additional information that
may have. I realize this late for making S ame of these contacts but you
circums tances have caused it to be so and so it is unavoidable. Also
if this information Can be sent to me post haste I wi1l appreciate it.
Thanking you kindly for your assistance.
Sincerely yours,
1
R.H. Hoffnann, Principal
