
--- Page 1 ---
-
September 26, 1962
a
Mr. Paul Holden
1190 W. 29th Street
Los Angeles 7, California
Dear Paul:
It would be very difficult for me to commnicate to you ny
feclings toward you at this moment. Especially is this true
because of your, choice in turning your back on the people that
have tried so hard to help. This may be difficult for you to
understand or see at this time and certainiy I would be the
last to hold it against you if you did not consider the motives
involved with kind thoughts.
You will recall ouz efforts in your behalf last year and I still
remember with great satisfaction the talks le had in this office
pertaining to your future possibilities. Such activities always
brings much satisfaction to the work of this office. When a
student, however, becomes involved quite contrary to our principles
of behavior, it has always been the responsibility of this office
to give such information to Such as are entitled to receive it.
It isn't often that we need to do this, but this is not the
first time that it has fallen my lot to discharge such a responsi-
bility. It was not expected that the university would make a
nove to rescind its contract with you, but you will have to
admit, Paul, that even people not of our faith would not think
lightiy of conduct Such as involved you this sumner. That is
assuming they knew a1l the facts.
Certainly we hope to forget the incident and we pray for a
complete reconciliation between you and your wife. This is
possible but hardly with such a spirit as is manifested in the
letters which we have received. It is not umcommon, Paul, for
one who has been invoived in questionable activities to manifest
a hanghty, and impudent spirit. I could only wish that we all
would look at ourselves from time to time with a spixit of con-
trition. Nothing in the hunan life will take the place of a
meek and humble spirit. That is the wish that I have for myse1 1f
and as a friend vato others I would want that same spirit mani-
fested is my colleagues and in those with whom I labor.

--- Page 2 ---
Mr. Paul Holden (Cont'd)
2
I have enjoyed your friendship, Paul, and it will not be easy
to shake me. I will always hope for your friendship regardless
of what transpires and although I have given much thought and
attention to your future peteatial.aeademlally speaking, I am
also very much interested in your success as a social being.
Life camot be wosth living regardiess of one's professiona. 1
attainments if his heart is not at ease asd his social life has
not been bronght into line with God's standards of behavior.
If you have taken offense to tha t which I have written to you,
I am only sorry aad perhaps I could have stated it in another
way, but you must remember, Paul, that we are not ignorant to
that which has transpit red nor to God's standards of conduct.
It would be most tusual for a young lady to write letters to
a married man such as your friend has done without some real
involvement. I shall not even wish to go into detail since
this is in the past and that is where we should all leave At.
At this time I merely wish to give you the encouragement now
necessary to make your home beautiful. Don't think for a moment,
Paul, that I an not sincerely interested in your we 1fare.
Obviously I am interested in your professional puxsuits, but
even more thas that I would want to meet you in the future as
a genuine Christian gent leman with a buzning desire to fulfill
a specific mission in life. Certainiy T wiil be the last to
condem and none of us should. Sia is its 019n condemnation and
unless we break upon the rock, Jesus Christ with a meek and
humble and contrite spirit, the opposite will al lways resuit.
It would please me to keep in touch with you and to learn of
your progress there at the university. Let ne hear from you
as you find tine to write.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
g1
