
--- Page 1 ---
-
September 14, 1962
,
Mr. Paul Holden
1190 W. 29th Street
University of Southern California
Los Angeles, Califomia
Dear Paul:
We were deeply hurt to learn of the incident which involved
you and the young lady from California during the Language
Field School experience in Mexico. There aze some things that
we simply cannot understand. Bven now we hope that it will be
possible for you and your good wife, Joan, to mend your fences
and continue as you had planned to begin with. This matter is
far more serions than you realize and the implications involved
are tremendous. Joan is a very fine lady with some get-up-and-
&o, and even though this may needle you at times, you should
understand that it is time for you, too, to grour up and be a
man. Up to nov you have had to do very 1ittle in exerting
yourself toward desired ends. Unless you can mature, these same
characteristics will militate against your success in later life.
The reproach which you have brought on yourself, your family,
the schocl, and all those who have labozed in your beha 1f cannot
be estimated. But, you can rest assured that we are most anxious
for a complete restoration of your immediate family. It is hard
for men to understand how you could ignore your responsibilities
so lightly, especially since you have been responsible for the
bizth of two very fine boys.
It is also very difficult for us to undcrstand why any ma of
character would become invoived with a young lady who has no
more scruples than to break up the home of a magfied man. This
in itself is sufficient evidence of her Jack of Christian prin-
ciples. Really, Paul, I do hope that you use good common sense
in this matter pecause of the lives it invotves. We realize
that the scars age already deep and that you wili neves ba abie
to forget the incidest, but there is little reason for you to
heap spon yourselves even greater miseries by further associations
with anothez Woman, Please don't think that you are going to
escape soEroW and misery and even much greater josses by avoiding
your presene responsibility.

--- Page 2 ---
Mr. Pau3 Holden (Cont'a)
2
When matters of this kind arise, it is aivays expedient that
the institution fully inform other institutions of the dere
lictions involved. We were responsible for writing character
references in your behaif to begin with and it now evo lves
upon us to retract that which we have said. We are not asking
the university to gemove you from this wonderfui program, but
we simply waat them to understand the incident in which you
were involved. I have, therefore, written to the department
chairman. What they do will be up to them. Knowing that the
goverment is interested in educating high caliber personnel,
it hurts us deeply to have re commended someone who has not
achieved the ma turity of a responsible adult. We certainly
cannot recommend the spending of tas money foz anyone who
is not completety dedicated to a cause or who has not achieved
the maturity to become responsible. Whatever the university
does wi1l be entirely up to them, but it was necessary for us
to inforn them. 7his has always been our practice in the past.
Frankly, the best thing you and Joan could do at this time is to
reconcile your family differences and perhaps get a job and go
to work. The scars may be there, but they can certainiy be
healed.
Very sincerety yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
-
g1
