
--- Page 1 ---
caur a ceudes
S
(bte00) ICH.H : adeoa
issb a DoN rols binow I olsnersvnes P-rwy4/1965 1 ah
3 atsanr loqais ent .bien slohes ovos eviaisr atgos srs rfahvr
uoV Jasseng o1 eesun ok Vistsmixoae sitail Mw lov hnn .. 08:
nelduss
Doctor S. H. Horn
Andrews University wmappoareD Bahrsa erz zoi magoz bsdahg a ovarl Sier el7
Berrien Springs, Micligant disaor as scoa as noy mo) virgoid sid a saalgezon
ierg ec bivenr esedideib bne riengosmin hinns SNr iarbs srnal mo
Dear Doctor Hom:
boriupes son dooriin hetelgeigge
It was a pleasure totalk with you recently-on the phone regarding NoB ant 2el nisgA
our lecture series at Southern Missionary College. We arevery pleasedoini ads 03
that you have consented to take part in the programy Our plansaredvar a bsaet
going forward very nicely for the lectures to be presented at the chapels
on March 2, 4, 9, and 11.
BaoV viesania
Stidents, the world over, axe intellectually curious. Our students are
no exception and contimally manifest an interest in vazious aspects of
our beliefs as Seventh-day Adventists. Tis our feeling that questions
relating to the authenticity of the Bible nedemplanation from the stand-
point of theology, archeology, and geology.
In light of this we are planning this current lecture series to include
far speakers in the following order: Elder Cottrell, March 2; Dr. Horn,
Mazch 4; Dr. Ritland, March 9; and Dr. Heppeastall, March 11.
I hope it will be possible for syou to remain on campus as long as possible
in order to meet with classes and other groups of interested students on
a more informal basis. I know your schedule is a busy one but any
additional time you can give us beyond the actual chapel address will
be greatly appreciated.
As I mentioned on the telephone, we will pay transportation from
Andrews University to Southern Misslonary College and back by air
coach. Planeservice from South Bend to Chattanooga is fairly
satistactory. As soon as I hear from you relative to plans, we will
zeserve a guest room in the women's residence àall for you. Since
three of you are on the campus of Andrews University, I trust you will
have the opportunity to collaborate on the series. Ithink as much
coordination as possible would add greatly to the impact and value of
this sexies.

--- Page 2 ---
Doctor S. H. Horn (Contd)
2
February 4, 1965
As I explained,ia ou telephone comversation, I would lke for you to deal
with the topic relative to your particular field. The chapel meets at
7:30 a.m. and you will have appraximately forty mimutes to present your
subject.
mOH.H.3 201o0
We will have a printed progsam for the series. Consequently, Iwouldinu swhnA
appreciate a brief biography from you as soon as possible. A copy, of g2 nohzoE
your lecture that we couid mimeograph and distribute would be greatly
appreciated although not required.
:IOH 301300 T0sa
Again let me say howmuch wes appreciate your willingness to:comtribugelg B BSw 11
to the intellectual life SeuherMismimagoaCale-esal lookos erutoal mo
forward to having you oncampus inthenear futures eriss 03 beinsanes evari BOV sadls
alegais sris 23 bssrossng ed 03 asiutoal srs s03 Vleola ey bzawapl gnlog
Sincerely yours,
I bas . a S doreM no
STe escsbira 200 .auoio Vinuelletnl ss 7Svo bhow srs inabida
Jo asosqes enolsv al leszesni ns Jaslinsm vilnunlinos bns moisqpsas on
anolsaeup 3als Enlloolww € Cassell, JravhA vab-iansves BB alalisd 710
-bnase siis moa nolsas Academic Dean sils 2o ylalineriirs ads o3 aaitalez
goloeg bas vgalosriors golosdis lo aiog
gi
shmion! G3 ashse sitosl 1nsT7Io airi gainmaiq 938 9N7 airs lo SifglE ni
TOH . 20 : doraM ientoo zebla :abao aiwollon sis nl aroissqa zt
I dsaM atarsggol . zaI has & dozsM baniis 1a t roM
idlasos as seol Es augmso no aiamsr 03 Bo zol sllesog od Tw 3i sgor I
no Bsabusa bedasnssat lo aqors zeriso ban essanis dalw Json ot zsbo al
VB aud ao vaud E al sluberioa 7UOY wom! I .alasd Iamreinl ssom s
Ilw easabbe legato Isusos erts bnoyad Bu evis no vot smis Innolthbs
besabosaggs visers sd
mod mollhogenst K89 Jiw e7 onodqoled srit no bonoitnam I BA
zla vd Sosd bes egolloo immolaalM axodsuoa 03 vilerovisU awabrA
Visha al Egoorasado o1 bnsll dauoe moz polvisemnnis donoa
Hiw sW anniq a3 sviislsz DoT mor) zsad 1 as noo8 BA - roioslabsa
sona BOV zot Had sonsblasz a'nerow sis al mooz Jastg B svices
fw BOT 3aua I dlerovinu EworbrA 3o aumss aris BO e7 1oV lo esla
rioune as aadis 1 . ashse edt no eisodallos o vimuthoggo eds svart
lo ouisv bas soaqmi ars 03 vlineng bbs blucur ofdlasog BS nolinnibzoos
.eolzen alis
