
--- Page 1 ---
1
a
November 19. 1962
Mr. Rolland Howlett, Principal
-
Sandia View Academy
P. 0. Box 623
Albuguerque, New Mescico
Dear Brother Howlett:
We appreciate your circumstances of securing a person to
teach your English classes. We have a young lady on our
campus that is finishing her school work the first semester
of this year and would be very capable of teaching your English
courses. The young lady's name is Judy Fowler. Yon will
note I am sending her a copy of your letter with the hope that
she will get in touch with you or perhaps you may wish to con-
tact her before long. It may be that Judy wouid be interested
in helping you out for the rest of this year. I have visited with
Judy and she has given me the idea that she is interested and
she has indicated her desire to take graduate work.
I is most coincidental that the dictating of this letter should
be interrupted by Judy Fowler coming into the office. I have
had a nice visit with Judy regarding the proposition and she
will give it careful thought. May I suggest to you that you get
in touch with her immediately. Judy is 22 years old and very
capable. Judy would be a great asset to you also in the field
of music. She has a beautiful voice and uses it often. I might
add that she is minoring in history and, therefore, would be
able to handle the World History class also. It seems to me that
this lady is a package that you could use very well in your school.
We recommend her without reservation. I hardly think that she
would be willing to commit herself at this time for more than the
semester, but if things work out to your mutual satisfaction, she
may give consideration to further service. This could be deter-
mined before the close of the second semester. May we
you to get in touch with her immediately.
encourage
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
gl
Academic Dean
cc: Miss Judy Fowler

--- Page 2 ---

Y
November 11, 1962
Mr. Rolland H. Howlett, Principal
Sandia View Academy
P. O. Box 623
Albuquerque, New Mexico
Dear Mr. Howlett:
Thank you very much for your letter of November 5
regarding your need for an English and History teacher.
Iregret to inform you that Doctor Schneider is off campus
at the present time attending a meeting being held in Miami.
However, I will call his attention to your letter as soon as
he returns on November 16 and I am sure he will be getting
in touch with you immediately.
Very sincerely your 6.
Gladys Lawless
Secretary to W. M. Schneider

--- Page 3 ---
SANDIA VIEw ACADEMY
Where Students Look Forvard and Upoard
Geographical Location:
Sandoval, New Mexico
Mailing Address:
P. 0. Box 623
ALBUQUERQUE. NEW MEXICO
Phone Albuquerque DI 4-5151
November 5, 1962
Dean of Students
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Sir:
Our English teacher is getting married December 27, 1962.
English I, II, III, IV and World
She is presently carrying
History and sponsoring our school paper.
Do you have anyone who is finishing at the end of this
first semes ster, either their B.A. or graduate work, who
could be contacted to fill this vacancy?
We could use a family combination of assistant farm if
whose wife could teach English at the same time,
manager available. Our farm here is pre dominately fruit orchards.
the Rio Grande Valley is noted for
Strange as it may seem,
its apples, peaches, pears and cherries.
I will be looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Sincerely yours,
RH.dpc
Rolland H. Howlett
Principal
