
--- Page 1 ---
January 22, 1962
Elder R. E. Hamilton
5110 Frederick Avenue
Baltimore 29, Maryland
Deas Brother Hamilton:
We are sorry that we have no foiders to send you pertaining
to the prospective teachers names in your letter. This
college has not as yet developed folders that are intended
to give complete information to prospective employers. We
hope to do this in the future but at this time we shall be
happy to give you any information that is available.
Mr. Elmez Bakes is destined to return to the Kentucly-Temmessee
Conference to teach in that field. Betty Davis is signed up
to go to Florida. Sandra Elliott is available ast a teachèr ine the
field of English. Sandra should do a good job. Since she has
been on our campus, she has made remarkable improvement. There
ase moments when she still displays some immat turity but we
believe she would grow out of this within a short time. Sandra
is a good student and should become a good teacher of English.
Lucille Graham has several children and although we do not Imow
of her plans for next year, we would hesitate to be too enthusi-
astic about recommending her to your field. Because of some
questionable activities involving William Freeman Ward, we would
not feel free at this time to recommend him without some geser-
vation. In time Mr. Ward may grow up to be sufficiently ba lanced
as a teacher of young people. We will gladiy recommend the
person of David M. Villemain. David is interested in teaching
in the field of Natural Science and Math on the Secondary level.
Along with David I should like to recommend Mr. David Parker
whose name is listed under the chemistry section. Mr. Parker
will be marrying Miss Marilyn Garrison who is graduating from
the elementary education field. Mr. Parker would be quite
capable of teaching in the field of the seiences and of course
Marilyn wiil do very well in the elementary field. This is a
very fine young zouplera àndilamight ada that théyares luterested
in remaining some where on the eastern seaboard. Mr. David
