
--- Page 1 ---
I
April 12, 1963
S
Blder M. Donovan Oswald
$
Hinsdale Sanitarium and Hospital
3
120 North Oak Street
Hinsdale, Illinois
Dear Brother Oswald:
Thank you for your letter of April 8 in which you have requested the
privilege of coming to our campus for the purpose of recruiting nurses
and secretaries. We note that you are interested in visiting with our
senior nursing girls and also those who are just now getting into the
nursing education program. Also you have asked for the privilege of
visiting with the two, three, or four year secretarial students at the
college.
I have counseled with President Rees and also Doctor Harriet
Smith-Reeves regarding your desire to recruit nurses. As you know,
Doctor Reeves is head of our Collegiate School of Nursing. As an
institution of higher learning, we are torn between two opinions.
Generally speaking, such an institution devotes it's energies to the
education of youth with the hope that they will find their places of
service wherever they are most needed and such an institution is not
always bound by geographic limitations. Our college, however, has
been established to provide workers for the Southern Union. We cannot
dictate where a senior student should seek employment. Nevertheless
we must try to influence the student to accept employment in that area
which has made his education possible. The conferences and the union
subsidize this institution very heavily and we are therefore anxious that
these students seek employment within the bounds of the Southern Union.
It would hardly be fair to have someone come in from a distant place to
interest our beginning students in a work program elsewhere. We have
not operated on that basis and since our own employers have not taken
that approach, it would not be fair for us to allow others to approach
these giris that have not become established in the curriculum as defined
by our school. Such girls will not have had the opportunity of the Orlando
influence. You well know that the Orlando Hospital subsidizes the school
very heavily and for that reason we must give them the first opportunity

--- Page 2 ---
HINSDALE SANITARIUM AND HOSPITAL
1 20 N OR TH OAK ST REET
HINSDALE. ILLINOIS
April 8, 1963
Dr. W. M. Schneider, Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Schneider:
I am going to be in the Chattanooga area to repre-
sent Hinsdale Sanitarium and Hospital on Thursday,
April 18 and Friday, April 19. If it is possible,
I would appreciate very much being able to meet
with all girls who are graduating from the nursing
education course or girls who are interested in
getting into nursing education at the college. I
would like to show them the material we have avail-
able and talk to them concerning work here at the
Hinsdale Sanitarium and Hospital.
Furthermore, I would appreciate speaking with all
secretaries who are graduating from a two, three
or four year secretarial course there at the college.
If this could be arranged on Thrusday or Friday
morning, I would deeply appreciate it. Would you
kindly let me know what your thinking is by return
mail.
Wi shing God's richest blessing upon you and the
school, I am
Very sincerely yours,
Daual
M. Donovan Oswald
Field Representative
MDO/pd
