
--- Page 1 ---
October 29, 1961
Mr. It-Tah Han
Apartment 103
2226 Durant Avenue
Berkeley 4, California
Dear Mr. Han:
We appreciate your inquiry regarding the possibility of
a B.A. Degree with a major in Rel ligion. We are interested securing to
note that you are proceeding with your doctorate degree after
securing a B. S. Degree from Walla Walla College.
It would be virtually impossible for you to complete the
for the Bachelor of Arts Degree with a major in Religion requirements
sumer months. The summer school program consists of a few during the
offered to meet the needs of teachers coming in from the
courses and
also those who wish to progress at a more rapid rate. We field do not
offer a Sufficient selection of courses from the Department of
Re. ligion to permit a student to graduate with a major in this field.
As required of a1ll students, any schoo1 would not be pe rmitted to
graduate the student without having talen a minimum of residence
work. In our case the policy reads that a student must take a
minimum of 24 semester hours on this campus. This requirement
would also prohibit the granting of a degree with two summers of
school work. It would hardly be possible for you to take
than eight semester hours per summer. It would seem best more that
you go back to the college from which you graduated in order for
you to secure the B. A. Degree in Religion with the least possible
problems.
Thank you for your for your interest and should your program
permit different arrangements, please let us hear from you again.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
gl

--- Page 2 ---
Berkeley, California
October 23, 1961
Registrar
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Sir,
I am a foreign S tudent from Indonesia and is presently
attending the University of California at Berkeley. I
received my B.S. degree from Walla Walla College and
my M.S. degree from the University of Colorado. I am
presently pursuing a PHD. degree at the University of
California.
I am interested in obtaining a degree in B.A. with a
major in religion. Since my stay at the U.S. are
limited and since I am spending my alloted stay period
in the U.S. on my PhD degree during the academic year,
I would like to know what are the possibility of attendins g
Southern Missionary College fer one or two consecutive
summer sessions and obtaining a degree in B.A. with a
religion major. I am expecting to receive my PhD degree on
June of 1963, whence I will be able to attend summer
sessions only in 1962 and with further permission from
the immigration the summer after I received my Phd degree,
namely the summer of 1963.
Please send me an application blank for admission for
the summer session of 1962 and also a current bulletin
describing your course offerings. Other informations
regarding instructions on the procedure of apnlication
for admission would be greatly arpreciated. Please also
indicate an approximate estimate of expenditures for
a full time
student in a full two-term summer sessions.
Your kind assistance and cooperation in the foregoing matter
willbegreatly appreciated.
Sincerely yours,
Slah Ha
Han, It-Tah
Apartment 103
2226 Durant Avenue
Berkeley 4, California
