
--- Page 1 ---
S
(hao)) supel. bzoiua. -
siis n2 ovdiv gabcrowe 3o Vaininogyo ads o1 basviol Enbicol ms 3
I nolnu msnsuoe ars J0 namovans noE antoy or lo nobponoo
cobnfpine boos sosle IoDsegos Klusolo LEeV zow daun oyovallod
bns estlevr 9ds 03 Sesoquni Vatval sgilos hEs mpbeosRoswed
1995 03 au soi Bi August 4, 19631 set I asasbute ZuO lo sasostra
san n V erl a Vifnceseg
Mr. Clifford L. Jaqua, Principal sessia ov 03 sonsileas Vas 1o sdsn-Ia
Bass Memorial Academy
Laimberton, Mississippioy Versonls vV
Dear Mr. Jaqua:
On April 22 the Educational Boardvoted that the academies in the
Southern Union Conferencerwould participate in the ACT program.
In fact, Southern Missionary College has now made this test a require-
ment for admission for the 1964-65 academic year. It was recommended
at the Educational Board meeting that these tests be given in the fall of
the year. After talking with Docto R. F. Thomason, the ACT repre-
sentative for the South Bast, it was decided that each academy would
be recognized by the ACT program as a testing center.
Consequently I would Hke for you to designate one individual on your
campus as the ACT contact representative. This individual would be
responsible for giving the tests and returning them to ACT for scoring.
Complete instructions for administering the tests are included. They
are relatively simple to administer and any teacher who has given
standardized tests previously should have no trouble administering
these tests. This way it will save the college considerable expense and
should be even more effective. There is frequently a negative psychological
factor introduced when someone outside of the academy comes in to
give tests.
As you know, the cost of the test is to be paid by the student. The fee
is $4. We hope that you will require this tests of all your seniors even
though some of them think they are going out of the union to school and
will not need to take the test. It appears that most of our colleges are
now going on the ACT program. Consequently it may become a nation
wide requirement very shortly.
I hope it will be possible for you to forward the name of the individual
who will serve as the ACT contact person on your campus to me as
soon as possible. I want to get all of this information to Doctor Thomason
before the end of the summer so details may be sent to this individual
prior to the November test date. If you do not feel that you would like to
delegate this responsibility to a teacher, you could serve as the contact
person for your school.
BeEon
our
-
