
--- Page 1 ---
(binoo) soiin msel aalM
I arevolges evijosgsore V es selpni or beviscey svad I
Teve a coisaersp sa 3 noseni 303000 a msis 293ss kigmia IEadie
vievooes stelcnoo soV 701 vlart Bers 933 ew Vinierxs) becies
beglevis Ore nsgvo asM Sor a5 3 sor sess VSB ot S08W ob I 38
srit neler 03 May 3, 1963 soer al a igror evs solimmelci ars
isiigeor odslo aphiorua srbosabpat
esisn aids avsr 03 boassig 00s lise es e7 bne shie tot TOV sinare
Miss Jean Tlick Siis 03 smis mendpes morl 2aark ot bsis sd Dada I bells
104 Marcia Drive ineoros 70 sitecesnlcags dot sgaisoa al a8eg0sq 7ovio
Maitland, Florida
dot sds De a9g079
Dear Jean:
ot viotsonia vev
I sincerely appreciate your letter of April 30 and will endeavor to
answer the questions which you have alluded to.
seblenioe M rediw
You are absolutely right in your conclusion that the college should
not in any way stand between you and a prospective job. Iappreciate
a copy of the letter written by Doctor Winston and shall keep it in my
flles.
One thing I do wish to clear up first of all. It was not Miss Culpan
that released the information to the Hinsdale Sanitarium and Hospital.
Miss Culpan has always held in confidence information that should be
so considered. In visiting with Miss Culpan I was soon convinced that
she had the right approach to the entire problem dealing with patients
such as you! It is not for 08 to give out information concerning the
status of a former patient. It is rather our duty to refer any inquiries
to the institution where the individual was hospitalized. This is the
proper approach and one which should always be taken.
I believe that the Hinsdale Sanitarium received whatever information
it had from one of the dormitory deans. Inasmuch as they called her
for an evaluation, she thought it necessary to simply point out the facts
that lyou had been hospitalized. She, of course, in no way endeavored
to influence them but feltiithér duty to inform them of the past. She
should have, of course, referred them to the authorities d the hospital.
I might add that the Hinsdale Sanitarium and Hospital was completely
out df line in the way the information was handled.
You may rest assured, Jean, that I shall be very circumspect about
this matter and it would please me if you would simply list my name
as a reference. In that way I can be of assistance to you. Heretofore

--- Page 2 ---
April 15, 1963
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
This is to certify that Miss Jean Illick was a patient in
this hospital for a brief period of time and was discharged
late in 1962. At the time of her discharge there w&s no
evidence of a mental illness and she was considered complet te ly
competent to return to any position she desired. It was our
fee ling that mos t of her problems were situational in nature
and that most t of these problens were resclved during her
hospital st y.
Nat T. Winston, Jr., M.D.
Superintendent
NTW:bc
