
--- Page 1 ---
May 12, 1963
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN
This is to Introduce Miss Jean Ilick
was a student on our campus last of Maitland, Florida. Miss Illick
session when it became
year for most of the entire school
illIness. Miss Ilick worked necessary in for her to withdraw because of
were very acceptable. We wish our to Registirar's Office and her services
a prospective employer.
recommend her to you who may be
Because of a little emotional
that she receive assistance disturbance, the college
Winston, Jr., M.D.,
at the local hospital. Doctor recommended Nat T.
the following statement: superintendent of the hospital, has issued us
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
"This is to certify that Miss Jean Illick
hospital for a brief period of time and was a patient in this
1962. At the time of her
was discharged late in
a mental illness and she was discharge there was no evidence of
to return to any position she desired. considered completely competent
most of her problems were
It was our feeling that
of these problems were resolved situational in nature and that most
during her hospital stay."
It would seem to us that Miss Illick
any employment for which she is would be in a position to accept
competently trained.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
gl
Academic Dean

--- Page 2 ---
104 Marcia Drive
Maitland, Florida
May 6, 1963
Dr. Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Schneider:
Thank you for your letter which was in reply to mine of
April 30, your promptness is appreciated.
It was my feeling that your letter indicated that
had not quiet understood my request, all I ask is for a you good
report, that I was a student at the college, made average
grades, a dependable worker, and liked by the students. And
then refer to the dortors at the hospital, and make as little
of my insidents as possible. It was at the Colleges request
that I was at Moccasin Bend Hospital, so I might return to the
college to take up my studies again, but have since had no
desire to.
Also, I feel that Miss VanArsdale acted out of line when
she gave the detailed report of what had happened, and I have
not appreciated it. I will give you as reference, but this
may happen again, why are they so concerened, is it any oftheir
business, and to ruin any future plans I might have?? Thiss
has been an experience not to be forgotten, but everyone doesn't
need to knowy please consider this. Thank you.
Sincerely,
