
--- Page 1 ---
April 27, 1959
Mr. and Mrs. Everett Jewe1l
Caisca Postal 3
Nova Bisboa, Angola
Portuguese West Africa
Dear Irma and Everett:
It was somewhat of a surprise to me to go to the post office this morning
and get the letter from you. However, we are happy to know that you
have finally arrived back in your field safely and that everything
promises well for the future. I was glad to know that you spent Some
time with the folks there in Bulawayo but sorry to know that Everett
had to undergo the operation.
Thanks for the information concerning Mary Domingos. I will be glad
to follow that up on your te commendation and see whether it wi1l be
possible to get her in school. I shall have the admissions office
sénd her a bulletin and application biank and write a nice letter
explaining about the college here and the fact that you have written
about her and the possibility of coming here.
At the time that we saw you in New York I had fully intended to quit
this year but have finally decided to stay on here another year as
it seemed a bit difficult to find a satisfactory dean. Virginia and
the wife were here until about ten days ago but have gone back to New
York for another two or three weeks. This Summer we plan to go to the
West Coast and take things easy.
Unfortunately, concerning Africa we have no definite plans as yet. Now
that I have agreed to stay here another year I suppose we will have to
postpone that. Virginia's husband wi1l be taking his final year of
residency in a Boston hospital this next year and perhaps after that
we can begin to dream of Africa. Dr. Rittenhouse was offered a post
in the hospital in Johannesburg, but they just got word that the Union
of South Africa would not grant permission for an American doctor to
come into the Union of South Africa. Certainly he is well qualified
enough and it would not be on that basis, for he now has more than
seven years of graduate work beyond his medical degree and that is
probably more than many of the doctors in South Africa have.
