
--- Page 1 ---
Colored
ScOetober 1, 1962
Miss Elizabeth Jones
Phillips Memorial Hospital
Box 5056
Orlando, Florida
Dear Miss Jones:
Your letter to the Department of Nursing was referred to me
for further consideration. We sincerely appreciate your
desire to receive further education in the field of nursing
as a means of serving mankind in the medical profession. Ne
also appreciate your interest in ouE collegiate school of
nursing. We hope hat nothing wiil dim your vision as you
look forward to a much larger field of service as a qualified
nurse.
Southern Missionary College serves a1l the states comprising
the Southern Union. In other words our comunity is made up
of the constituents of the several states in our Southern
Union. This poses a problen which a college of a more localized
nature does not have to contend with. No matter how the faculty
or the board of the college feels, the college must sti1l be
concerned with the feelings of the constituents in the several
southern states. Most of us here at the college have served in
several of our other colleges which have been integrated for a
number of years. We completely accept the spitit of the policy!
ofnthe General Conference, but recognize that because of the
problems involved, we cannot move faster than the commumity which
we serve. At a recent Union Conference Hman Relations Committee
this matter was discussed for some length and the leadership of
the regional conferences have a perfect understanding of the
problem. Also at a recent meeting of our College Board, an action
was taken to accept the policy originating with the Human Relations
Committee which implies that still further preparation is necessary
before we can completely integrate. This is clearly evident by
the unwarranted activities at present in the state of Mississippi.
The work of soul winning must not be hampered by prematuse action,
Several possibilities are open to you for your educational
aspirations. You could take a year of pre nursing at Oakwood
College and tzansfer to one of the other nursing schoois such
