
--- Page 1 ---
S
(bamos) noehol aied .M
B etlup evad Bnon voy deil aals I hna voV hw grisiely  susliie
hnint a bassais 39397315
girisnoinioy TVO saironnos asgasre anolise gev a0To3 ebant avari noy
der ob odvr sEoib - April 26, 1963 3 copoa svai orivs aigoeg Boy divr
B020s ainl soi leow 9R3 oinigo ea lo asw I canpns dount Eu evari
BA olioo ait 2 sar Bsohog ed risilw Todial ar diw poels big
lagk asonerl air bas leok iiw msldora on barl sw oml 1 BE 3
Mrs. Barbara judson cioi 5 aB augmss ads no Gdol esisd ad do erDi asvig B6
2217 20th Avenue, w.veseob agolfos ers Sads DoV 03 ovog iv alra ari
Bradenton, Florida a paloua oysd Jon ob oriw pigoog gnuov Jelass 03 Va 03
bo Da 3mo ssavietin sesel 18 aadi oslisent LOV oG suanogxe siads
Dear Mrs. Judsonfion a Tebro ni shiahalalose nt aovr siqost sauoy
sn gert 03 sResos gatgove Baion at gelloo STT Fasansre aleris
I have read your letter of April 17 with interest and we everi appreciate 1an 2u dw aisbuse
receiving letters from individuals who wish to become more informed en nt 31
about situations which they question. A letter addressed to the façulty oopn
erssriv
came to my desk before I left for the Southern Union Conference Con-
stituency meeting but it was not possible for me to answer the letter, a solen
inasmuch as it was not signed. 00s nom RuoV owo noiea cas lrsb svarl
93 Y83 son e -
604 sgafioo 70 no da aoan osonw eserainin
-
dis
A al Judab
Mrs. Judson, you have no idea of the stress experienced by all of us do cb
who were called upon to deal with the problem in which Noel Andress
aubivibal
was involved. We do not take these problems lightly and we are
always mindful of the individual with whom we, work. Shouldyou have
a bal I
a conversation with Noel, I am sure that he would bear out the facts
as so)
that the situation was such that lictle else could be done. There is
little need to explain or describe the facts to a pre judiced mind, but - SoW
I believe, Mrs. Judson, that you are interested in knowing the truth. ads 3e3
I spent an entire evening wich Noel, not for the purpose of discussing dnsbine
the immediate problem, but to show him that his soul was 30 worth every - a
bit as much as mine and that the Lord was interested in his salvation.
We do not wish to go to the kingdom without Noel and he understarids
-
air
my personal longing in this regard. Noel and I had a very satistactory
- neel
relationship. There were some things, however, that we could not
fshe
I
over look inasmuch as we are dealing with a group society. If one
Mno
young man must go, lam sure you will realize that the other must GM rairt
also bear some of the consequences.
- a ues uo p - visseonla
ebnain o a hns a ao anob 933 eV7 senar anershis Enlaaoseoq Ja
You mentioned the matter of card playing. Personally I do a not play bfolt edai
cards of any kind, including Rook, even though some of our people sioomis E
do play this game. I shall have to let them be judge of their own avotomser
situation. The matter of card playing, however, did not enter the
picture. It is quite easy for you to take the position that you do not
believe that Noel was involved in anything but we could wish for the
