
--- Page 1 ---
Mrs. Barbara Judson (Contd)
2
privilege of visiting with you and I think that you would have quite a
different picture in mind.
You have made some very serious charges concerning our relationship
with young people who have money as compared with those who do not
have as much money. I was of the opinion that Noel kept his account
paid along with the labor which he performed here at the college. As
far as I know, we had no problem with Noel and his finances. Noel
was given one of the better jobs on the campus as a lab assistant and
I think this will prove to you that the college does everything possible
to try to assist young people who do not have sufficient money to pay
TISS
their expenses. Do you realize that at least ninaty per cent of our
08B
young people work in the college industries in order to help defray
their expenses? The college is doing everything possible to help the RSG
students who do not have, the_money to pay, their accounts
it is necessary for a person, regardless.of his origin, to keep - Obviously his
svsi I
account in balance. We have not played fevoritism with any student galvisoss
Whether it's a doctor's son, a minister's son, or & farmer'sson, it a soda
makes no difference, Perhaps you can believe this if Itellyou that we 01 emso
have denied admission to two young men coming from the homes of nsuls
ministers whose fathers sit on our College Board. This is not easy oumeadi to
do but in an attempt. to deal fairly with everyone, this is what we must
do. Obviously it makes no difference in the sight of God who the
.8
individual is.
w
-
a
-
s SsW orw
9y7 bns vhadgll ampidong oasri olsr Cont ob ow bevlovn) a5w
I had towork m ost of  my way through w - - college li amdidone do not ails apologize An, fobnin evevls
for the fact that my parents did not have the money to pay, my, account vnoo a
Work has not injured any student and you may be interested to know tr Sals
that the college provides over $300,000 worth of labor a year for its - siil
students, This certainly doesn't sound Hke the college has no interest svollsd a
in students who cannot afford to pay, their entire way through school.
3e 1
- aa
We are very - anxious aial that Noel est eW hzo e e hma enim as rou 35 ain
use this time to think clearly concerning ob eWw
his future and concerning his relatianship with God. His name has been
taken to the throne of grace many times by those of us here at the collegete K
I only wish that, our people could understand the agonizing experiences.
which we have fn working with 80 many different young people. We
35v0
sincerely request your interest in prayers in behalf of our many students en snoy
all possessing different natures. We are doing our best and if our friends oala
in the fieldcan help us in leading these young peopieto underatand what
a sincere Christian faith is, we wili certainly work together in a
- poy
veryo abrao
harmonious manner.
Jo sgbut od msuls 3ol oI 07ei Iifa I ons aish vai sb
sna edis 3on bib ovswod rival breo ho 3S3Rm ST noiiassis
son ob voV sar goileog Sris sins 03 Bot sol s ssiup al 1 sanoin
onl 1ol daiw Viossw suc Brirayns n heviovai 20W leo 1s4 vailsd
