
--- Page 1 ---
December 11, 1961
Mr. H. C. Lambeth, Custodian
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Brother Lambeth:
The winter weather is setting in and it is zather difficult
to conduct some of our activities in the out of doozs as we
have in the past. Inasmuch as we are conducting a class for
Medical Cadet students, it wi1l be necessary to provide them
with the proper facilities.
Last week Mr. Strukoff requested the use of the lower level in
the elementary schoo1 for purposes of drilling the students in
marching. He thought perhaps it would be too cold outside but
we encouraged him to take the students outside and drill them
there instead of in the small room which could hardly provide
adequately for drill purposes.
As we think of the future, it seems imperative that we use the
auditorium for this purpose. I do not know of any other facilities
that could be used for drill purposes. This will make it necessary
to clear the chairs either Saturday night or early Sunday morning.
This is not an unusual procedure in other colleges and it seems
best that we do it here also for the purpose of conducting a good
Medical Cadet program, Should the chairs be cleared Sunday morn-
ing, the boys may wish to go to work at five o'clock and have the
floor cleaxed by eight o'clock. Mr. Strukoff begins his work at
seven o'clock but he would be happy to take care of his classroom
activities from seven to eight if this time is necessary to clear
the floor in the By.
We know that it is not the most satisfactory procedure to ask
the young men to vork late-Saturday night or early Sunday morn-
ing, but it certainly is not an unusual 1 request. Some of us worked
many nights while we went through college and were willing to
regulate our program accordingly. We would just as soon have then
clear the chairs early Sunday morning say from five until eight
o'clock. You wi1l understand your program best and can adjust to
whatever is possible. We wi1l appreciate your efforts in this be-
half which wi1l make it possible for the Medical Cadet class to
continue throughout the second semester. This program will not
need to start until Sunday, January 7.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
