
--- Page 1 ---
February 14, 1963
Doctor William Landeen
La Sierra College
La Sierra, California
Dear Doctor Landeen:
Recently I wrote to William E. Buckler who is in charge of the
Sperry and Hutchinson Company Lectureship program regarding
the possibility of obtaining a grant for the purpose of sponsoring a
lectureship series on this campus. Now I must make a confession
to you. In an attempt to secure a favorable reaction, I suggested
to Doctor Buckler that we establish a series in the field ofHistory'and
Social Science with you as the lecturer. He beems to be interested in
a firm proposal which prompts this letter of confession and request.
We would be delighted to have you on our campus for the purpose of
presenting a series of lectures during part of the school year 1963-64.
If we can come up with a good proposal, it is entirely probable that we
would receive funds from the Sperry and Hutchinson Company to cover
the cost involved. Fixst of all, we would like to invite you to accept
such a proposal and if you feel so disposed, we would appreclate a
little assistance in developing the program.
We are acquainted with your breacth of lonowledge and enperience
and we would appreciate a series based on the political aspects of the
world in which we live. Perhaps we could entitle the series "One
Worid" or "Our World of Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow." These
aze suggestions only and you may come up with something entirely
different and better. Also we would be interested to know how many
lectures you would be willing to present and something of the titles
that could be used. The series could be presented over a period of
several weeks or even several months, whichever you may prefer.
The foundation is interested that we present the type of lecture to
which the community could be invited and the nature of which will
make the college better knowai in its Particularemirommes or
community. We would obviously have the Chattanooga papers give us
complete coverage. Our relationship with the Chattanooga papers
