
--- Page 1 ---
S
(nno) RAl.T..w
a irow bou gare fsel Zout ob DoN 1 35 ass Tudmova ad 0 sobu
ais 3 evipa hites 1oT arfoeus 30 Villdienogees ahis - 5bo
Joorise 32 201 agusg so8nos
eris oi sethr August 4, 1963  a 6 bawarol Enop aR I
I molinu movseca aly 3o nangow bao mon gmou so 5 npissore
coliniie Doos eoa Tarbsgos veaolo eV rovr Jaun a svasied
Mr.1 L.J. Larson, Principal Insognl ionv al apiino bgs Yobpnasowiot
Madison College Academy eifazcs sd Iw 31 satiss - azisoisa 300 1o a2ssos
Madison, Tennessee
-omotua mon (97 ons ni isnounog
Dear Mr. Larson:
o3 na Il pas-is eyos eamajateas VAs lo
C - -
On April 22 the Bducational Board voted that the academies in the
Southern Union Conference would participate in the ACT program.
In fact, Southern Missionary College has now made this test a require-
ment for admission for the 1964-65 academic year. It was recommended
at the Educational Board meeting that these tests be given in the fall of
the year. After talking with Doctor R. F. Thomason, the ACT repre-
sentative for the South East, it was decided that each academy would
be recognized by the ACT program as a testing center.
Consequently I would like for you to designate one individual on your
campus as the ACT contact representative. This individual would be
responsible for giving the tests and returning them to ACT for scoring.
Complete instructions for administering the tests are included. They
are relatively simple to administer and any teacher who has given
standardized tests previously should have no trouble administering
these tests. This way it will save the college considerable expense
and should be even more effective. There is frequently a negative
psychological factor introduced when someone outside of the academy
comes in to give tests.
As you know, the cost of the test is to be paid by the student. The fee
is $4. We hope that you will require this test of all your semiors even
though some of them think they are going out of the union to school and
will not need to take the test. It appears that most of our colleges are
now going on the ACT program. Consequently it may become a nation
wide requirement very shortly.
I hope it will be possible for you to forward the name of the individual
who will serve as the ACT contact perrson on your campus to me as
soon as possible. I want to get all of this - information to Doctor Thomason
before the end of the summer so details may be sent to this individual
