
--- Page 1 ---
August 18, 1963
Doctor Bryan A. Michaelis, M.D.
Little Creek School
Concord, Temessee
Dear Doctor Michaelis:
I appreciate your recent letter exploring the possibility of
some extension work at Little Creek.
offering
As you may know, the Southern Accrediting Association has
us against expanding off-campus extension courses. We are counseled
doing a little of this on the Florida Campus ind conjunction with presently
school of mursing. However, we are not planning to
this our
but keep on offering only four to six hours a semester. expand I
greatly
not question your qualifications to teach Physiology. Iwould certainly be do
about the facilities available at an academy for teaching a course concerned in
Anatomy and Physiology. It would not seem that a secondary school
would have adequate laboratory facilities for such a course. I
doubt that our Biology Department would be too happy about also
such an off-campus course for those pre-professional students accepting who
required to take it prior to entrance into medicine or
are
to put their stamp of approval on these people as you can nursing. well understand. They like
A course in Medical Terminology would probably be too
to include in an undergraduate program.
highly specialized
would be advisable for us to launch into such Consequently I do not think it
am very sympathetic with
a program at this time. I
at Little Creek
your desire to make available to the students
some type of enrichment program. But due to the
restrictions of the Accrediting Association and the other
which I have mentioned, I doubt that it would be advisable problems at this time.
Again let me express my appreciation to you for your interest and is
willingness to give of your time for such a venture. Possibly we could
explore the possibility of such a program when we could talk about it
personally in more detail. If you have any further thoughts on the
please feel free to contact me.
matter,
Most sincerely yours,
J. W. Cassell, Jr.
Academic Dean

--- Page 2 ---
Little Creek School
Concord, Tennessee
26 July 1963
Dr. Jack Cassell, Ph.D.
Academic Dean
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Doctor Cassell:
Last September I joined the staff at the Little Creek Sanitar-
ium and School in the capacity of full-time physician. The
previous five years I spent as a teacher in the department of
Physiology at Loma Linda University in California. Each of the
years that I was there I taught the dental students their course
in physiology as well as teaching in several other courses and
teaching a cless in Medical Terminology at San Bernardino Valley
College in San Bernardino, California. At the time that I re-
signed at Loma Linda to come to Little Creek I had the rank of
Assistant Professor.
My reason for making the move was not that I was dissatisfied
with my work because I actually have enjoyed it more than any-
thing else that I have ever done. However, I felt that I owed
an obligation to my children to see that they received an edu-
cation in the proper sort of environment and I did not feel
that the large day schools in California would provide envi-
ronment that I wanted.
There are several on the staff here at Little Creek who would
be interested in taking a course in anatomy and physiology and
also there undoubtedly would be some of the senior students who
would like to take such a course. Would it be possible for
some arrangement to be made whereby college credit could be

--- Page 3 ---
26 July 1963
2
granted for such a course and possibly also one in Medical
Terminology, such credit to be granted thru: your institution?
If your policies are such that this would not be permissible,
would it be advisable for me to check at the University of
Tennessee for such an arrangement?
The school has a policy af that their students may not finish
their secondary schooling in less than four years even though
some of them might be able to finish it in three ordinarily.
Because of this, it is felt that many of these students might
be happy to be able to take one or more college-level courses
for credit here as mentioned above.
Very sincerely yours,
Iryon
Bryan A. Michaelis, M.D.
BAM/tIm
