
--- Page 1 ---
February 18, 1962
Mr. David Lee
1193 Perkins Terrace
Memphis 17, Tennessee
Dear Mr. Lee:
By way of Fider Desmond Cummings of the Southern Union Conference,
I received information which leads me to believe that you may be
interested in giving your services to the Loma Linda Food Company
located near BarSietra College, La Sierra, California. Elder
Curmings has given me a brief account of your present work and
also of your training. A degree from Michigan State University
in Agricalture Tingineering should give you the tools that could
very we1l be effectively used by the Loma Linda Food Corpany.
Your present work of serving as a quality-control forenan for
two Raiston-Purina plants certainly has given you a great deal
of experience vital to production. In his letter, I note that a
probable promotion could involve Sabbath difficulties.
I an writing to Mr. George T. Chapman, General Manager, Loma Linda
Food Company, La Sierra, California, in regard to your interest.
Pexhaps it would be well for you to write hin also. This company
covers a large territory in sales and has two production centers,
namely, at La Sierra, California and Mount Vernon, Ohio. Presently
it is constructing a third plant on the campus of Oshawa Missionary
College in Canada. You would find the work most interesting and I
know that the Loma Linda Food Company could make good use of your
services,
Although I had been employed in education for approximately 19
years, the two. years I spent with the Loma Linda Food Company
as treasurer were nost interesting. It was difficult to get
away from education, especially when the need was placed before
me from time to time. Thus I find myself back in college work.
May I urge you to write to Mr. Chapman giving him a more compre-
hensive review of your experience and training. I, too, will
write hin at once. Ne hope it will be possible for you to see
your way clear in joining the Loma Linda Food Company sonetime
in the future.
Very sincerely yours,
WI 1bert M. Schneider
g1
Academic Dean
cc: Eider Desmond Cummings
