
--- Page 1 ---
October 14, 1963
Doctor Harold N. Mozar, M.D.
Division of Public Health & Tropical Medicine
Loma Linda University
Loma Linda, California
Dear Doctor Mozar:
We greatly appreciate your invitation to use Doctor
in promoting your program in Public Hedth and Health Jack D. Zwemer
Education.
Unfortumnately it is not possible for us to offer Doctor
period on the dates mentioned in your letter. We do have Zwemer a chapel
by the Nursing Department in Public Health Science
a class offered
3:05 on October 23. I imagine Miss Edmister,who meeting at 1:15 to
would be most happy to have Doctor Zwemer
teaches this course
the class.
speak to the members of
We would also be very happy to announce to the student
that
Doctor Zwemer will be on campus and would be available body to
them on a personal basis. We would be most
talk with
for him should he be interested in doing this. happy to provide facilities
Iwould like to know, however, the exact date that he will be
campus so that we might make our plans accordingly.
on the
It might also be possible for us to ask the residence hall
joint worship that evening and let Doctor Zwemer
deans to have
students in terms of the Public Health
speak with the dormitory
being carried on in East Africa by the program and the program currently
liniversity.
We will be most happy to work with you in any way within
our present schedule.
the limitations of
Sincerely yours,
J. W. Cassell, Jr.
Academic Dean

--- Page 2 ---
October 7, 1963
Miss Florence Culpan
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Miss Culpan:
I had a letter recently from Harold N. Mozar, M.D., the director of
the Division of Public Health and Tropical Medicine at Loma Linda
University.
He states that Doctor Jack D. Zwemer will be on our campus either
October 24 or 25 to discuss the curriculum of their division in the
field of Public Health. He said they would be grateful for any opportunities
that we could offer Doctor Zwemer that day to present their program dn
Public Health and the opportunities for health educators to members of
the faculty and to the student body.
It does not appear that we will be able to use Doctor Zwemer in a
chapel so I was wondering if you would be able to use him in any of
your classes. He mentioned that Doctor Zwemer had just returned:
from East Africa where Loma Linda University has been conducting
a course for health assistants for the last two years.
If you have any ather suggestions where we might use Doctor Zwemer,
please feel free to contact me.
Sincerely yours,
J. W. Cassell, Jr.
Açademic Dean
f

--- Page 3 ---
LOMA LINDA
UNIVERSITY
DIVISION OF PUBLIC HEALTH
CALIFORNIA LOMA LINDA
AND TROPICAL MEDICINE
October 1, 1963
Dr. W. M, Schneider, Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Schneider:
D, During the month of October one of our senior
Zwemer, will be attending the
staff members, Dr. Jack
visiting a number of institutions. annual meeting of the NASDAD and
I have asked him to include
ary and he will be contacting several of our senior colleges in his
24 or 25 to discuss s the
you enroute for an appointment on itiner-
health. In this connection curriculum of this Division in the
October
you may offer Dr.
we would also be grateful for field of public
health and opportunities Zwemer that day to present our
any opportunity
and to the student
for health educators to members program in public
appreciated.
body. Either chapel or workship
of the faculty
periods would be
Dr. Zwemer has just returned from
conducting a course for health
East Africa where we have been
haps you have also seen the assistant's for the last two years. Per-
beginning shortly in the western announcement of a similar program we are
highlands of New Guinea.
Thanking you for your courtesies, I remain
Very sincerely your s,
4
Harold N. Mozar, M. D.
Director
HNM:ab
