
--- Page 1 ---
November 4, 1966
Mr.C. A. Miller, Administrator
Loma Linda University Hospital
Loma Linda, Callfornia
Dear Mr. Miller:
I was very happy to receive your zecent letter and learn of the interest in
a graduate social work program at Loma Linda University. The field of
social work is very near and dear to me since I worked for two years as a
psychiatric social work technician in the army and then took a minor in my
doctoral program in the field of social work. My purpose for this was to
encourage this field among Seventh-day Adventist young people since I felt
it was an area that offered many possibilities for service.
At Andrews and now at Southern Missionary College I have endeavored to
set up undergradnate programs that would enable Seventh-day Adventist
young people to prepare themselves for graduate work in the behavioral
sciences and specifically social work. I personally believe there is a
need for us to give very careful and serious consideration to the establish-
ment of a school of social work. Logically, Ithink this should be at Loma
Linda University since there will be a need for clinical facilities, especially
for those going into medical and psychiatric social work. I would be very
happy to be of assistance in anyway in the arganization of this program.
At the present time we have eight students in our Commumity Services
major. These eight are definitely looking forward to a career in social
work. We have noticed an increasing interest at Southern Missionary College
in the behavioral sciences. As a result, we have endeavored to meet this
need by our new inter-disciplinary major in Community Services.
Under separate cover I will send a copy of our current bulletin which outlines
this major on pages 53-54. We are looking forward, however, to the time
when we will separate our behavioral sciences into a separate department.
This we hope to do within a year or so.
If you should have any further question, please feel free to contact me.
Very sincerely yours,
J- W. Cassell, Jr.
Academic Dean

--- Page 2 ---
LOMA LINDA UNIVERSITY
LOMA LINDA
CALIFORNIA
Loma Linda Sanitarium and Hospital
October 28, 1964
Academic Deans
Senior Colleges of North America
Dear Friends :
For the past two or three years, we have been giving serious consideration to
meeting an urgent need within the denomination for social workers and the possi-
bility of establishing a Masters program at Loma Linda University for this
purpose. A year ago we had a very effective conference and have been making some
investigation and conducting on-going studies this year. We expect to meet again
the latter part of January in conference to evaluate the studies that have been
made during this year in an effort to come to some more definite conclusion as to
the scope of the program, the necessary budget, necessary faculty, the potential
of student interest and the needs within the denomination and other areas. I
would like to quote from a paragraph from our study last year, indicating the
areas of service within the denomination.
"A11 of our institutions should have skilled, Christian social workers to give
assistance in working with families, assisting with patients and providing
guidance to personnel, under the leadership of the physicians. This lack (of
social workers) has serious! ly crippled the efforts and effectiveness of our
institutional work. The quality of our work has thus suffered and has not been
up to the standard of other institutions in the world.
"Since our motto is 'to make man whole' and to keep him whole, it is felt that
social work is a vital and integral part of our denominational program. There
is no limit to employment opportunities in S.D.A. institutions. Some of those
mentioned are: academy and college deans of men and women; Dorcas and welfare
workers; work with pastors in large churches; academy, college, and university
student counselors; counselors for hospital employees and their families;
hospital personnel directors; and obviously counseling and referral for patients
and their families who use our medical and psychiatric facilities."
From this you may see that there is a wide range of usefulness to the denomina-
tion in establishing a graduate program in social work.
We would like to find out from your school the number of students enrolled who
might be interested in taking a graduate program in this field so that we can
more clearly identify the size of class that we should plan for. Would you
kindly make this survey in the near future and return the information to us by
the middle of November. We would also welcome any comments or suggestions you
might have or questions that you would like discussed in order that we may make
our conference as effective as possible.
Very sincerely,
3 CL, Inullary
C. A. Miller, Administrator
Loma Linda University Hospital
CAM:rh
FORMERLY KNOWN AS COLLEGE OF MEDICAL EVANGELISTS
