
--- Page 1 ---
E. L. Longway, President
D. F. Gilbert, Secy-Treasurer
South China Oslana Pnion Mission
of Seventh-day Adventists
Main Office:
1000 Chung Cheng Road
Sub Office:
Cable Address: SCIUM
Bor 310, Hong Kong,
Telephone: 43611-4
Taipei, Taiwan
Cable Address: ADVENTIST
Taipei, Taiwan
Telephone:773838:9
July 15, 1962
JUL
Mr. W. M. Schneider, Dean
19 1982
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Brother Schneider:
The South China Island Union Mission for some years past has been
all new Spirit of Prophecy publications to our Chinese students no
sending
where they may be located in the great wide world.
matter
Just recently we have brought out the Book, Messages
We are most anxious that everyone of our students abroad should to Young have Poeple.
of this book. It costs us something here in the union to make this a copy
but the results have thus far proved that it is a good policy.
jester,
This letter is to request that you take a census of che Chinese students
in your institutlon, especially the number of them who are able to
Chinese language, for some who come from the South Seas know no read the
and let us know how many copies you need bo supply each student with Chinese,
his personal use.
one for
We should also appreciate it if you would name the leader
Chinese students in your institution a someone whom you would consider among the
qualified for leadership and then let us mail these bools to this student
for distrubtion to the other students in the institution.
We do appreciate all that our educational institutions in the
and elsewhere abroad are doing for our Chinese young people. Here states
union we have not as yet been able to raise our offerings in our in our own
school to a high level, and so we have been very sympathetic with braining the
of the young people to adyance their education abroad. Iamsure that desires
your observation of the industry, earnestness, and zeal of che Chinese students from
in your midst you will agree with us that they are well worth all the
effort ie takes to give them a Seventh-day Adventist education and hold them
steadfast to the church whether or not they later engage in the work
here in China or elsewhere in the world field.
either
I an leaving for General Conference in just a week and
be directed to Brother Don F. Gilbert, our Union
your answer should
appears on the letterhead, He will see to it that TreAsurer.ibose the books are address sent out as
indicated by your letterhead. He will have a copy of thie letter to
so will be prepared as soon as he hears from you to get a
you, and
book off either to you or to the Chinese student that you shipment desire. of this
you indeed for this service.
may
I thank
Very sincerely your brother,
E. L. Longwey, Presideng
ELL:is
