
--- Page 1 ---
I
September 29, 1961
Elder D. Lowe
P. 0. Box 26
Bo, Sierra Leone
West Africa
Dear Brother Lowe:
We have the privilege of counting among our students four or five
members of the Church of God in Prophecy group from Cleveland,
Tennessee. Of special interest is a fact that the daughter ofln
Bishop M. A. Tonlinson is in school and I believe her brother also.
Bishop Tomlinson is head of the Church of God of Prophecy group
with headquarters in Cleveland, Tennessee.
This morning the daughter came to my office with two pictures of
a dispensary or hospital which has been built around Freetown,
Sierra Leone, British West Africa. Bishop Tomlinson had received
these pictures with the offer of the hospital should the group be
interested in providing medical care in that area. The Church of
God of Prophecy group is not large and although missionary minded,
it has not been able to send too nany missionaries to foreign
fields. Inasmuch as they were unable to take advantage of this
offer, Bishop Tomlinson sent these materials to us by way of his
daughter wondering whether we would not be interested in accepting
the offer of the hospital. This is indeed very kind and magnani-
mous on the part of Bishop Tomlinson. The offer of the hospital
was made by Chief Songo, Koya, and Tribal Authority, Koya Chiefdom
Freetown, Sierra Leone, British West Africa.
It may be of interest to you to establish contact with Chief Songo
to learn more of the offer. We are, of course, not acquainted with
the need nor with our efforts to provide the medical care
in the area. This would certainly give you an excuse to make necessary con-
tact with Chief Songo.
We would be very much interested in learning of any developments
which we could commnicate to Bishop Tomlinson of Cleveland, Tennessee.
The materials brought to us by the daughter of Bishop Tomlinson are
enclosed and we hope it will be possible to receive some word from
you after you will have had time to make contact and to think over
the proposition.
Very sincerely your brother,
Wilbert M. Schneider
gl
Da
Academic Dean
