
--- Page 1 ---
L A SIER R A COLLEG E
LA SIERRA, CALIFORNIA
OFFICE OF PUBLIC AFFAIRS
November 22, 1963
Dean John W. Cassell
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Doctor Cassell:
You may recall that at the time of the academic deans' council at Union
College Dean Richard Lewis suggested to you that the various colleges
might wish to cooperate with La Sierra College in the matter of overseas
transportation for students studying abroad. Since I am the person most
closely concerned with this problem on our campus, Dean Lewis has asked
me to handle the matter.
As you know, La Sierra sponsors a "Year Abroad" at Collonges, France. We
will be taking a group of our students from New York to Paris in late
August of 1964, and we would be very happy to have any of your students
who are contemplating study at Newbold, Collonges, Darmstadt, or Bogenhofen
go with our escorted group and thereby not have to travel alone. We
would also offer them the opportunity of joining our European tour before
school opens if any would care to do this. We will probably have a 14-18
day tour covering several countries of Western Europe before school begins
at Collonges on September 15. The cost for this tour has not been definitely
determined, but we believe it will be in the vicinity of $200, all inclusive.
The steamship transportation which will be sold on a round-trip basis will
be approximately $400 round trip, and we plan to sail on one of the larger
ships of the Holland-America Line. We will be happy to work with you and
your students on this transportation plan and would like to hear from you
as soon as possible if you know of any in your college who might be
interested. We are now arranging for a block steamship booking, and the
sooner we can get this information, the better.
I am enclosing a copy of our latest folder. You will notice the date of
August 14 for sailing from New York. This was printed in the folder on
a tentative basis and is not necessarily the exact date that we shall use.
Very cordially yours,
Mhn / Mansla
John T. Hamilton
Director of Public Affairs
JTH:vl
Enclosure
