
--- Page 1 ---
Mr. D. C. Ludington
2
March 1, 1959
We also had to have the floor repaired under the washing ma chine,
and also a new outiet for the waste water from the washing
as
the other one had become plugged and there was no way to machine, unplug
it. Since the pipe was in the wall, it would have been
to tear the wall to pieces, which we thought would be better necessary not to
do. Instead of doing that, Mr. Beans ran a pipe through the wa1l
and down the outside of the house. This of course was a much
cheaper way than trying to tear out the other pipe, and I don't
think it detracts from the appearance of the house in any way. We
took out the rotten wood of the top floor and let it dry out and
then filled it in with a preparation used for that purpose. I have
found a few extra tile in the basement, so I will have to put them
in where the old ones came out. I do not know what the charge will
be for this Job, but it should not be too heavy.
The paving of the road around the house of course would be
an
asset if you decide to do that, but that will not be in ay quite time. We
wi1l probabiy be leaving in the month of June as I do not know any
reason for staying here after school closes. My Son-in-law will
be taking his chief zesidiency this next year, which means he will
have only one more year to go. That will be in a hospital in
and I imagine we wi1l all be up that way.
Boston,
The school is having blacktop work done quite frequently these
and we are remode ling our road system at this time. In fact, days,
to the plan just appzoved by the Board and also voted upon by according the
county, the Apison Pike wiil no longer go through the heart of the
campus as at present but will angle out in the valley so that the
new approach to the college will be out where the creck is and from
there drive up to the heart of the campus.
The new dormitory which will be started soon will in fact cross the
present Apison Pike, for we feel that the campus has
about
reached its limit in a single long string and future development just
will be down in the area of the present ball field rather than
adding to the string of buildings in a single line. There are many
improvenents and new plaas on foot for Southern Missionary
and the spiris of progress and improvement is in the air. Our College, new
Home Economics Building is beautifui and the cafeteria is
a magnificent job.
really
With very kindest regards, I an
Sincerely yours,
G. E. Shanke1
ja
