
--- Page 1 ---
May 7, 1959
Mr. D. C. Ludington
1329 Rossmoyne
Glendale 7, California
Dear Brother Ludington:
Thank you very much for your good letter of May 1. I am happy to
know that you are considering the erection of a carport this Summer,
and I believe the arrangement which you spoke of would be a suitable
one. If it could be open at both ends so that one could go right on
through for the purpose of washing the car that would be quite a good
arrangement I think. If the area from the highway down to the carport
could be surfaced with blacktop, that of course would make it easier
to back out onto the road. As you know, at the present time the road
is quite rough and broken and pretty hard on tires for backing up
purposes.
Summer has come suddenly to us with temperatures running 900 these
days. After a very cold spring it seems quite miraculous to find
ourselves suddenly in the middle of summer.
We are happy to know about the success of Louis in his examinations.
It does seem as though doctors today have to spend a long time in
getting all the qualifications necessary. I an looking forward to
the time when my own Son-in-law finishes his general surgery residency.
He is taking a final year in a Boston hospital where he wi1l be chief
resident beginning July 1.
I imagine it will be about the middle of June before we get away
from here on our trip to the west. We are planning to spend perhaps
two months--middie of June to the middle of August. I plan to attend
the administrators' conference at LaSierra in July so imagine it
will be somet time in August before we get back here again.
These are busy days at the college, as is always the case the last
month or so. Everything seems to crowd in so that everybody seems
to be going about night and day. We have had a wery fine school
year, for which we are grateful, and are looking forward to an even
larger enrollment another year. The new dormitory will be started
now in a very short time as Soon as the county is able to construct
the new road which will circle around through the middle of the
valley with an approach to the college from the new highway rather
than the side approach that we now have. The new girls" dormitory
