
--- Page 1 ---
March 24, 1960
Mr. D. C. Ludington
1329 Rossmoyne
Giendale 7, California
Dear Brother Ludington:
This is the beginning of Spring Vacation and at last we have a littie
breathing spe1l. Most of the students have gone home, so we have
time to clear up the odds and ends that have been accumulatius for a
long time.
You have doubtless read about our unusual weather here and it is
really something to write home about. There have been only two days
during the entire month that the thermometer got above 40 degrees
even during the day. At night it sti1l gets down to 20 or 25 degrees.
Fortunately, however, we have not had any snow for the last few days.
I think the all time snow fall has equaled or exceeded the record;
more than 22 inches having fallen this winter with a strong possi-
bility for furthe r snow. A11 the bulbs have been at a standstill
since the end of February, so we are anxiously looking forward to
the first signs of spring.
The Chat ttanooga Times got out a special supplement of pictures showing
the damage of our recent snow and ice, especially on the two mountains -
worse than a thousand tornadoes. Lookout Mountain alone had damages
estinat ted between five and ten million dellars, let alone the things
that can never be replaced. Collegedale didn't suffer much except a
few of the tall pines falling on our trailer camp and other places
around the campus.
The time for. the Field School trip has been changed to a week later
50 that we shall not be leaving until a week after school closes.
School closes May 22 and we are leaving May 30 getting back here
June 17; so it will probably be the end of June before we will be
able to get packed up and out of the house, I hope this wi1l not
inconvenience you too much.
I see Camp Meeting comes June 2-11 so I will not be here for any of
it since our field trip begins a few days before Camp Meeting and
runs for a week after it closes. I think everyting ought to work
out all right for you. My son-in-law doesn't finish in Boston until
the end of June so in all probability my wife wi1l stay up there
during that time. She wi1l be here most of the month of May getting
everything in order and at least doing some of the packing of smaller
articles, so it should not take us too long after my return. for us to
vacate.
