
--- Page 1 ---
April 9, 1959
Dr. Clifford Ludington
Dunlap, Tennessee
Dear Doctor Ludington:
In reply to your inquiry of recent date as to the time of vacating the
house, I may say that in the last two or three days things have changed
once again with us and it seems they have finally persuaded me to
remain another year as dean, in which case it is quite
that
we will need the house for another year--or at least the possible school will
need the house, and since our things are already in there it is most
likely that we would remain there.
I understand your folks will not be back for another year, s0 I
it would be in order for us to plan that way. We do,
suppose
to be gone the major part of the sumer until at least however, the middie expect of
August. If it is desired by your foll oz other suitable persons to
live in the house during that time, it will of course be
with us if they wish to assume the cost of the rent during satisfactory that time.
In the case of your own folks, of course we would not expect them to
pay if they were here just for a few days. We want to take a
to the Nest Coast this summer and will be gone the major part of trip the
Sumer.
-
In the letter from your father some time ago he spoke about the
possibility of blacktopping the road. I believe this would be quite
a costly undertaking. There is a great deal of foundation work that
would need to be done, and in any case it is quite a major
to do that kind of work.
operation
The thing that concerns me most of all is that the garage was not
designed for large modern cars, so during the three years that I
have been in the house I have bad to leave the car out in the front.
On ali the frosty mornings it is quite a job to defrost the car
eyery morning before starting out. It would be a wonderful asset
if a carport could be provided even if it were nothing more than
four posts with a flat roof over the top. Having to park a1l the
time on the downhill that way and having to back out is rather hard
on the transmission after two or three years, particularly as the
surface is none too good. That is a problem that concerns me more
than any other I think.
