
--- Page 1 ---
You will see some changes around Collegedale when you come back, The
new dormitory will change the landscape quite considerable. The new
county road through the campus will be paved in April, so they te1l
us. The new recreation field will be across the new road. The new
Business center wi1l also be on the opposite side of the highway which
means the store, garage and all that will be away from the center of
the campus. Some of the old timers, of course, were disappointed but
on better thought they came to realize that if the college is going to
expand, it has to expand down the hill rather than in ane single string
of buildings, It was already getting to be quite a distance bet tween
the elementary building on one end to the music building on the other
end.
There is a real spirit of progress in the south in every sense of the
term. Elder Beckner's leaving has made quite a differance in Collegeda: le
itself. As you know, he is the promotional man now for the building of
the new acadeny. Elder Thurmond, who has taken his place, I believe
has fit in very nicely already and everybody seems to think very we1l
of hin,
Active plans are under way at the present time for a new church in
Collegedale. The members of the committee are going to differsat
churches all around this part of the country looking for ideas, and
I think it will not be long before the ideas wi1l be given to the
architect to begin drawing up plans for a Pary-Hyatig
- 1800. Some of these great developments almost seem more than
a community of this kind can support. The dormitory alone will cost
around $750,000 and that is only the beginning of the project costing
several million dollars. However the work is really growing in the
South and now that we are the second largest union in North American
in membership, we can we1l look forward to a Bigger college in the
very near future. Our enrollment this year is over 600 and even then,
we turned away at least 50 to 60 students; but I think it wéll not
hurt anything to be a bit selective.
Collegedale is a good place to live and I wish we were as definite in
our plans of settling down as you are. At the moment we have no idea.
If Harvey and Virginia go to the mission field, of course, we will go
with them. We have also been invited to connect with the new university
up at E.M.C. where I would teach a few classes. However, a1l of these
things are purely in the talking stage until we make up our minds what
we really want to do. There is only one thing I am sure of, that being
my service as Aer as administrative work is concerned, I do not want to
carry the responsibility that goes with administrative wos rk such as the
Dean's Office.
Very kindest regards, I am
Very sincerely your brother,
G. E. Shankel
Academic Dean
rn
