
--- Page 1 ---
March 1, 1959
Mr. D. C. Ludington
1329 Rossmoyne
Glendale 7, California
Dear Brother Ludington:
I was glad to hear from you again and to Inote that everything is
going along we1l with you good folk out there in California. I
had understood that you were planning to come back permanently this
next sumer, but nowr it seems as though your plans are indefinite
again.
Yes, we are having à good school year, one of the best undoubtedly
at Southern Missionary College for a long tine. The spirit is good
on the campus; we have a good administrative teamg and our enroll-
ment is considerably higher than any previous year in the history
of the college--a1l this in spite of the winter of which you spoke
as being a bad one. It is all true, for we have had a really severe
winter. The first winter I was here there was frost only about half
a dozen times, but this winter it has been more or less the normal
thing with a few times the thermone ter going down to 100 above zero.
However, the last week or so it has moderated considerably, and now
we are in the rainy season with plenty of it coming dowm.
Our present plan is not to be here another year. I have always
said that when I reached the age of 65 I Mould voluntarily ask for
sustentation, and in June of this year I wi1l have reached that age
when one can honorably withdraw from regular service. It is not
that I do not expect to be busy, for I shall probably be as busy as
ever, but somehow I feel that it is best to hand over administrative
responsibilities to those who are younger, and I have so indicated to
the Board. They have already voted the sustentation, so that is our
present plan. Dr. Rees has been most anxious for me to remain on at 1
least another year or two as dean, but I have constantly expressed
myself as wishing to accept sustentation.
Ne have had to have a few improvements made of recent date, one of which
runs into a little money--I believe $15 or so. That was the replacement
of the fuse box for the stove. The breaker had become so weak that
we could not put on one burner without throwing it off. The only
thing to do was to get a new unit for the board in the basement.
