
--- Page 1 ---
April 16, 1959
Mr. D. C. Ludington
1329 Rossmoyne
Glendale 7, California
Dear Brother Ludington:
I feel that I should write to you at this time regarding one item of
expense that I have recently incurred and that is concerning the mower.
You may remember that I had a bill for repair of the mower last spring,
and I thought that this would last as long as I was in the house. When
I left last Summer I asked Ronnie Noble to take care of the lawn
and what happened in the meantime I do not know. But when I came back
at the end of the summer I found the mower in vezy poor condition
but managed by strenuous effort to finish out the mowing season. This
season it would not start at a1l and I had to take it to a repair shop
where they had to replace about everything to make it work. The bi1l
of more than $12 may seem 1ilre a very heavy iten, but considering all
the work that was done it is not too bad. I hardly feel lile bearing
the cost of these repairs especially since I was not responsible for
the deterioration. I am only too happy to keep up the place as I
have time and to keep it looking presentable and neat, but I hardly
feel it right to bear the expense of making this repair. I hope that
you will concur in this conclusion.
I had already handed in my resignation, and this had been accepted
as I had applied to go on sustentation next year, but they have put
considerable pressure on me to remain another year as dean, so it
seems that it is the plan for me to remain another year. I understand
that you will not be needing the house for another year in any case,
SG this will work out a1l right. If there is any change in your plans,
please let us Imow so we can make other arrangements. I have mentioned
in my previous letter the plan of putting in a blacktop driveway. I
think it would be quite an item of expense. As far as I am personally
concerned the thing I an most interested in is a carport so that on
a winter such as the one past one would not have to spend so much time
scraping off the heavy frost before being able to start out in the
morning. A11 it needs actually is four posts driven in the ground
with a fiat roof on the top so as to prevent frost on the glass.
Carports instead of garages are becoming more and more comon around
Collegedale these days, but where such a structure would be placed
I have no idea.
I wrote to Clifford a few days ago mentioning some of these points,
possibly he will have passed on my letter to you. My main purpose
