
--- Page 1 ---
December 8, 1961
Elder B. L. Marley
P. 0. Box 5444
Nashville. 6, Tennessee
Dear Everett:
Within your conference setup you have a man by the name of
Frank Lamb teaching church school. I be1 lieve he is somewhere
in the state of Kentucky. We could wish that some of us had
been contacted before this man was taken into service as a
church school teacher, but that matter is water under the bridge.
Frank has had a very checkered social past. We would wish him no
harm and if there was evidence that Frank had straightened out, I
would not write this letter at this time. In the spring of the
year I spoke to Frank regarding his derelict ways and he appeared
to be contrite and in conference with the pastor he decided to be
rebaptized. We had hoped that Frank would straightened out at
that moment but that was not the case. Some things came to light
fo 11owing his graduation which had happened during the period
following his baptism In short Frank seems to have a weakness
with other women. His wife has taken a great deal and of course
at this time I do not know just how she stands I am sure she
must be in great distress.
It seems apparent that Frank is sti1l corresponding with a young
lady now living in Florida. To what extent he has been involved
with this gir1, I do not know but of course he should certainly
dismiss from his mind the idea of courting another woman if he
intends to remain in the work as a teacher. I bel lieve you may
wish to counsel with Frank or perhaps Elder Foster may wish to
counsel with him.
I do not wish to harm Frank but at the same time we have a
responsibility to the organization we serve and also to the
students involved in the school there in Kentucky. We hope
that in the future we can have a better liaison between those
here in the college who are responsible for the placement services
and the field interested in workers. In the case of Frank I was
never approached and I don't know whether any one else was asked
any questions.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
