
--- Page 1 ---
July 24, 1961
-
Mrs. Florence Marvin
Route 2
Gentry, Arkansas
Dear Mrs. Marvin:
We appreciate your letter of July 21 in which you indicate
your desize to join our group with the possibility of working
some in our college library. This matter, of course, has been
cleared and now it is necessary for us to go through the regular
procedure of sending you an application blank and of course
receiving your transcripts. In order to hasten the operation,
it would be helpful if you would have your transcripts mailed
directly to our office of admissions. This would save time in-
asmuch as we would not be writing for your, transcripts.mor writing
to your references until after the receipt of your application.
Mr. Ackerman, ouE secretary to the Admissions Committee, will write
you and send along an application blank.
We note your interest in coming here right away in order that you
may secure some type of work. As a college, we do not have work
available at this time. The library will be closed down during
the month of August and as far as our othes facilities are con-
cerned they seen to be adequately staffed. It may be that you
will want to come a little early to secure housing in our
community. Your age, of course, is such that you may wish to
live out of the school home and it does seem that our dormitory
space will be spoken for by younger ladies. We hope all will
work out to your satisfaction and we sha1l continue to keep
in touch with you. As soon as your application is received
along with your transeripts, we shall process the same.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
g1

--- Page 2 ---
2
C
S
&
July 19, 1961
-
Mrs. Florence Marvin
Route 2
Gentry, Arkansas
Dear Mrs. Marvin:
We appreciate your long distance call of two days ago in
regard to the possibility of doing work as one of our
librarians. I regret not having answered this call before
now.
I have been in touch with President Rees who is presently
at Atlantic Union College with the other college administrators.
Also I have conferred with our head librarian, Mr. Brown, in
regard to this matter. We could, of course, use you to good
advantage. Howevez, our budget is going to be rather slim
next year. We have added other staff members and it was our
hope to add an additiona1 librarian a yéar from now. We could,
of course, use you approximately 20-25 hours a week in the
library, but it would not be possible for us to give you
faculty status. In other words, we would be willing to pay
you the highest student rate, which I believe is axound ninety
cents an hour. This could possibly be zaised a little, but
umless you have savings, it would not be sufficient to cover
your expenses while at the college.
If you are at all interested in this type of proposition, we
would be pleased to hear from you again.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
gl
