
--- Page 1 ---
April 1, 1964
Mr. Mike H. Mottler
Monterey Bay Academy
P. 0. Box 191
Watsonville, California
Dear Mike:
I appreciate your letter informing me of your decision regarding our
contact concerning the need here at Southern Missionary College. I
can certainly understand your feeling, although I would have counted
it a plensure to have had the opportunity of working with you.
Iam very happy to learn that you are planning to go on in the applied
language area. I am confident that you will be successful, not only in
your terching but in your graduate work. Possibly we may yet have the
opportunity of associating as fellow workers in the cause of God,
Please give Mary my best regards. I trust you will keep in touch with
us and should we have an opening here again, we will probably be in
contact with you.
Please express my appreciation to Carl Jorgensen for his reluctant
approval of my request to contact you. I can understand his
and would feel the same way if I were in his position.
feeling
Best wishes to you as you continue to contribute your services to the
young people of Monterey Bay Academy.
Very sincerely yours,
J. W. Cassell, Jr.
Academic Dean
e

--- Page 2 ---
Monterey Bay Academy
"Where Land and Sea Unite to Inspire"
P. O. Box 191, Watsonville, California
PA 4-3811
ENGLISH DEPARTMENT
March 26, 1964
Dr. Jack Cassell, Academic Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Cassell,
Your call has been made the topic of special prayer in our home
these last few days. More significantly, it has been a catalyst
sparking a spiritual revival in me.
I have for some months been pondering the content and the direc-
tion of the courses that I would face in an M.A. in English pro-
gram. I see much there that would be of either very limited use-
fulness or of no value to me at all as a Seventh-Day Adventist
Christian. Very probably, some of it would be detrimental. I
have, with His help, determined therefore to abandon a straight
li terature M.A. program and to pursue instead an M.A. in Applied
Language: self-expression and communication via the spoken and
written word. Elder Jorgensen has assured me he will back me in
these plans.
We appreciate your confidence in us that would prompt you to offer
us this call for service there. But we believe we can not accept
it at this time. We feel that there are pre-requisites in exper-
ience that We must gain here before we make the leap to college
level teaching. We believe we have heard the Still, Small Voice
say to us, "Not yet".
Our best wishes for your continued succèss and for the progress
of Southern Missionary College.
Very Sincerely Yours,
0
CR6
o
Mike H. Mottler
Chairman, Department of English
