
--- Page 1 ---
-
D0RI i zedeeosa
(hdneo) aslso meIW.M
bisode xeddef ex a besog HOY smobDécember 16, 1964 d San I
amisyns 36 9D 3os3nos 03 9633 Isol saesia acollasup Tedsnut svari Doy
gninioo sds brts ECaBsE (sbilori ads zo1 vlinal oV bns DOV 03 aerleiw 3a0a
Mr. Warren Oakes
Madison College
3891 weR
Madison, Tennessee
870V viereonla veV
Dear Brother Oakes:
I appreciated your letter of November. 18 setting forth your view relative
to Miss Cowdrick's employment. Personally Ihave a great deal of respect
for Miss Cowdrick's ability and feel that she can contimue to make a very
fine contribution to the program at Madison. However, it would be econom-
ically unsound for us to keep her on a full-time basis next year since we
will not have a program on the Madison campus. I think Doctor Rees spoke
to her in terms of retirement with part-time employment in the library.
Our present plans are not to use the library for the nursing program anyway
but to include a small library in the nursing facility. We would like for Miss
Cowdrick to assist us in setting up this library in choosing those books from
the present Madison library that would be useful and applicable to the nursing
program there.
I have asked Miss Cowdrick, through Mrs. Watson, to come to the campus
next week with the mursing personnel in order to confer with our head librarian,
Mr. Brown, relative to the holdings at Madison. I would also like for them to
set up a date at that time for Mr. Brown or a representative from our library
to come to Madison to survey the holdings there and choose those for transfer
to the mursing library. I realize we must take some steps immediately to
begin this process.
Now in regard to your accepting speaking engagements in church, I think it
would be well for you to accept these appointments as long as they did not
involve great distances. I would see no problem in speaking engagements
in church within a radius of 50 miles or so. Your travel expenses for
these appointments could be turned in onethe regular travel report form
and charged to the Madison budget. Of course, we would like for you to
promote Southern Missionary College in any way you can.

--- Page 2 ---
Madison bollege
Madison,Tennessee
OFFICE OF THE REGISTRAR
November 18, 1964
Dr. John W. Cassell
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Cassell:
When Dr. Rees was here for the NANI Board he spoke with brot ther Zeigler and also
Miss Cowdrick. It is regarding the latter that I wish to comment.
Miss Cowdrick has been asked. by the academy to operate the library for them next
year or what would be tantamount to that. This, of course, would place the academy
in the same position they are in regarding the other areas of campus. It was Miss
Cowdrick's opinion that Dr. Rees felt no need for her services next year, and that
she should therefore not plan for such. I am convinced that you should hold Miss
Cowdrick on the same basis as she is on for this year. If you pay her, the library
is under your control and you can hold it intact until the other library facility
is completed.
If you work the other way you will be faced with the possibility or rather proba-
bility that all decisions regarding the library will be made by the academy and she
will just do as ordered.
I cannot but give my opinion that we are on the verge of making a big mistake in
this matter unless we are extremely careful. It should be remembered that I will
not be on campus next year to look after this building. With the decision to turn
it over to the academy as of now, the situation becomes even more uncertain unless
she continues under your employ.
At our last conference I meant to ask your thinking regarding my accepting speaking
engagements in churches. I have been asked to take the week-end services at Harbert
Hills Academy, but I cannot assume all the car expense e involved. I don't mind the
local churches. I have the service here Sabbath and the following Sabbath I have
two church appointments, one at Murfreesboro and one at Woodbury. I would appreciate
some word from you folk on this.
It was good to have Dr. Hyde on campus for the week. The youngst ters and teachers
seemed to have appreciated his messages.
Very sincerels,
W. Warren Oakes
WWO: a
