
--- Page 1 ---
Madison
bollege
Madison,Tennessee
OFFICE OF THE REGISTRAR
November 4, 1964
Dr. John W. Cassell
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Re: Library
Dear Dr. Cassell:
Yesterday I had a lengthy conversation with Miss Cowdrick relative
for next year. She feels very definitely that she would like to to her program
library work and not teach.
do full time
I gather from our talk that she feels the program she is on this
difficult in some years. I would imagine the
year is her most
of a nerve strain. If she were relieved of this academy teaching is proving a bit
would drop immediately.
now I would guess that the pressures
The Academy folk would like her to join them next year and would
from her immediately in order that they may plan their
like some word
to do just the library work as she feels it demands her program. She would like
pacceptable work. I would
time if she is to do
in the academy
definitely say that at her age she should not continue
program of teaching another year.
In the planning on this campus I'm sure you would wish a full time
adequately meet the needs of the associate program and the
librarian to
She feels the planning stage to be very important. She has para-medical offerings.
visit some other associate program libraries as well
expressed a desire to
campus, if such can be approved. I thought
as the Florida Sanitarium
concerning her work for next
you might 1ike to know her feelings
year. I think if she were
to do teaching next year, she would go on sus tentation and pressured by the academy
time work. I feel she is good for several more
endeavor to get part
her efficiency will drop below minimum
years in library work before
requirements.
 understand from Mr. Rogers that the library now belongs to them,
haven't seen any official minutes so stating. What about the
although I
this office as well as that in the library proper? I feel that equipment here in
the academy to take over this building should spell out
any vote to allow
C
recent action of the joint campus committee.
in detail similar to the
In this action it was stated that the
A copy of these minutes you have.
the division of
Librarian at SMC and here would determine
out in greater detail books, by supplies an official and equipment. I know that this should be
group - such as the one I unders tand will spelled be

--- Page 2 ---
John W. Cassell
Page two
November 4, 1964
meeting on campus November 10. Will you be here for this NANI committee? I think
1t important to maintain the many works of historical value and to utilize properly the
volumes of special interest to the college st tudent.
In our office. we have about eighteen files--1 three arefireproof with combination locks.
These three we would wish to transfer to SMC, provided we can reduce our records that
much. I have every. reason to believe we can do this in time. I would think the other
files and the equipment could be used in the new unit. We have two regular typewriters
and one IBM, plus an electric adding machine. We have also four desks, two bookcases
and several chairs. The 3M Thermofax is of the old type without a self timer which
wastes paper. The trade-in value on a new model is very low. It is however in good
state of repair as preventive maintenance has been maintained all along.
I am still of the opinion that we could use this library. and the dormitory here,
much cheaper and with as much efficiency as a new unit and with a much more desirable
location. I cannot see the proposed location. It is the most undesirable spot on
campus, , for thé following reasons: :
(1) Too near the psychlatric area.
(2) Too near the main roads.
(3) Too near two undesirable communities of
(a) white
(b) negro
I recognize that Kentucky-T Tennessee is planning on. using the college area but I
would suggest that they scuttle the idea of a boarding academy on campus. I think
this a poor setting for such. A day academy I see, but the other I'm afraid I can-
not get up much enthusiasm in its behalf. After three years as Dean of Men and with
a total of six years of government committee participation on this campus, I think I
am qualified to express a reliable opinion on the problems that will be faced in this
enyiromment. No, I'm afraid I could not give support to the proposed program, not to
be difficult and non-cooperative but because a basic principle is involved. The blue-
print of Christian education calls for a rural environment for our academy youth.
Madison has an. environment which demands the more mature student. I recognize that my
views have little or no weight under the present circumst tances, nevertheless I feel a
responsibility in making them known to those who are influential.
Attached you will find copies of two letters received from past t presidents of the
ASMC--Associated Students of Madison College. I thought you might like to have them
for the record.
I apologize for the lengthy epistle.
Very sincere: ly,
W. Warren Oakes
WWO: a
Enclosures
