
--- Page 1 ---
October 17, 1960
Mr. Robert MacGowan
General Sales Manager
Loma Linda Food Company
Arlington, California
Dear Mac:
It was a real thrill to hear from you and to learn of the progress, which
is being made by the Loma Linda Food Company. The sales picture looks good,
and I hope the profit picture i's even better. Your efforts through the summer
months have paid. off, and pei rhaps it wi1l be sour good fortune to announce
a successful completion of the sales goal presented last December.
We would be del lighted to attend your national sales meeting in December,
but an educator has to stay put. You will be most welcome on our campus, and
of course, we would expect you to do more than just have lunch with us. After
all, we are building. an air-conditioned home in order to accommodate out friends
from the West Coast who would be miserable in this part of the world during the
summer period.
We did not wish to build at this time, but the college is short of housing
accommodations and urged us to go ahead. The home wi1l be lovely with a stone
fireplace and a considerable amount of stone on the front of the house. We
sincerely hope that many of you will find it possible to visit us in this lovely
little valley.
It is true that an individual who has lived in the western part of the
United States will always be a Westerner. Nevertheless, we are very pleased
to serve on this campus in the educational program, The hills are lush green
and in a week or so we sha1l see some of the colors coming to present a brilRaant
picture for autumn. We have had no frost in this area, and the weather has been
lovely. In a week or so we plan to drive up through the Smoky Mountains National
Park to viewr a11 the beautiful colors. We feel so sorry for a11 of you who cannot
satisfy the aesthetic. You will have to be contented with the smog and haze and
dry hills. There is beauty wherever you go, and even the desert presents its
charm. After the brethren are through with us here, itimay be that we sha1l again
find ourselves on the West Coast in one of the educational institutions.
I have not had the privilege of seeing the bottom of my desk since arriving.
Time is only too short to do a1l the things wne ought to be doing in the educational
field. There is quite a contrast to the job of just being treasurer of the Loma
Linda Food Company. Even though I enjoyed my stay with the company immensely, itt
does seem the part of wisdom for me to be back in my field of education.
When possible, I shall swing by Mount Vernon to visit the good folk up there.
Perhaps it will be possible when I attend the conference on higher education in

--- Page 2 ---
TomaZinda ood Company
- a
TELEPHONE:
GENERAL OFFICES
OVERLAND 9-6060
Uwi
ARLINGTON, CALIFORNIA
lomalinda
FOODS
October 13, 1960
Wilbert M. Schneider, Ph.D.
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Wilbert:
The beauty that La Sierra holds at the present time is wonderful. We have
had a little rain which washed off some of the dust which has collected over the
summer and has driven the smog away from our fair city. The nights are cool, the
days are comfortable, and the Loma Linda. Food Company is filled with activity.
The Sales Department is especially busy at this time, taking care of the needs
of the accounts and preparing for the sales convention which will be held here
December 27, 28, and 29.
The Eastern and Western Divisions have reached a greater amount of sales
this year than ever before. Business has been exceptionally good; collections
have been good. I believe the stern hand you used while here in making col-
lections has continued, and Vansickle is following in your footsteps and the
collection picture is very good.
I have thought of you folks many times when walking over to worship period,
looking over the fields of green grass and rolling hills without that cloudiness
which you some times labeled smog. I also thought of the trip I was promised up
into the hills to look for rock, and then I thought some day I may have an oppor-
tunity to go back to Southern Missionary College and see you there and possibly
have lunch with you, and try out the boat you spoke about before leaving here.
Do hope your wife and children are enjoying a pleasant fall. I understand
that you have a new home with air conditioning which will give you some very
splendid nights rest, and I am sure you will need it in the line of duty in which
you are engaged. Your youngsters no doubt miss their horse, and I suppose within
a short time they will be getting one, two, or possibly three. You have the
country space--hills and valleys where your children can ride freely..
Percy and Pat have been here for a few days attending our General Board meet-
ing and laying plans for the sales convention. We want to extend to you and your
family a most cordial welcome should you be in the area; and may the Lord continue
to bless you as you serve Him in the field of labor which you have chosen.
Sincerely yours,
Bthockna
Robert MacGowan
General Sales Manager
RM:nw A L
S I N C E
