
--- Page 1 ---
April 8, 1962
Elder A. C. McKee, President
Box 4929
Atlanta, Georgia
Dear Brother McKee:
Some times when we learn of perverted tendencies on the part of a
brother, we are inclined to shrug our shoulders and say that it
is none of our business to report such to the particular organi-
zation for which the individual is working. This, however, we
cannot do with a clear conscience and although we have problems
of our own I wish to report something that was on my mind last
year and re-emphasized again this past week. We believe that you
should have lnowledge of these matters in order that you may
intelligently deal with your workers.
Last year you took on a young man as an intern who is presently
attending the seminary by the name of Don Clark. We, of course,
had misgivings concerning this young man but we said little
because no one asked us any questions. At this time, however, I
fee1 compelled to give you the information that has come to my
at tention since we aze responsible for the hiring of individuals
that will be best suited to follow through with the job of feeding
Christ's lambs.
A year ago following the Faculty-Senior Banquet, Don Clark took a
young lady of elementary school age to the Missionary Volunteer
Office. This young lady I believe is his cousin. There was no
reason why Don should have brought this young lady to the Faculty-
Senior Banquet in the first place, but of course nothing would have
been said should that have been the entire story. Following the
banquet, as I stated above, Don took the young lady to the Missionary
Volunteer Office located to the side of the chapei stage. When
checking this office because of a light that was seen, the night
watchman was surprised to find Don there with the young lady on his
lap. The next morning when the report reached my office, I called
for Don and he very nervously tried to explain the situation in
terms of a father counseling his child. I told him that I had a
young girl about that age and under no circumstances would I ever
expect anyone to counsel that daughter in the fashion prescribed
by him. He apparently was accustomed to kissing this young girl
and as he puts it, to counsel her in a father 1ike manner.
