
--- Page 1 ---
May 12, 1961
Mr. Alvin Meier
Okeene
Cklahoma
Dear Alvin:
Today a young man by the name of Julius Gazner came to my office in regard
to his program next year. Julius is a college senior on this campus and has
been accepted by the College of Medicai Bvangelists for admission to the
school of medicine next year. During the past year Julius has been president
of the Student Association. This is a high honor that can come to an
individual, and Julius deserves it.
Julius married the daughter of the Florida Conference president. Both
of these young people are very industrious, and Julius has demonstrated a great
deal of tenacity to hang on even in the face of difficulty.
Julius comes from a large family, and it has been up to him to make his
way in college. It was thought that Julius wouldn't be able to go to school
because of a lack of funds, but with his tenacity he went out into the
Co 1porteur field and earned a good scholarship to assist him in his college
program. He is graduating this spring without having incurred any indebtedness.
Both he and his wife wi1l be working through the summer months and then
next year his wife wi1l continue her employment on the West Coast in order to
defray theiz living expenses. Julius has been endeavoring to find some source
of financial heip to assist them in me eting the expenses at CMB nest year. He
does not know exactly how much they will need. This need can be determined
more accurately after the summer months wi1l have passed. Both wi1l be working
this surmer, and I am sure they will save all the money they possibly can in
order to go to CMB.
The question arises whether you would be willing to help this individual
through his first year of medicine. It would not involve more than a thousand
dollars if that much. I realize this represents a substantial sum of money;
nevertheless, it wi1l be very worth the investment. Julius is highly thought
of by everyone on this campus, both S tudents and faculty. He is a wonderfully
Chr istian man with a good personality. Julius wi1l make an excellent
and
doctor,
I hope he gets the chance to go through medicine. It is not possible for
his parents to help him, inasmuch as they have a number of other children to
be educated in ouE church schools and through the high school and college programs.
Of course, Julius has made his own way through college, and this is to his
credit. His father-in-law is Elder Schmidt, president of the Florida Conferençe.
