
--- Page 1 ---
April 14, 1961
Mr. Alvin Meier
Okeene
Oklahoma
Dear Alvin:
It was nice hearing from you and to learn of your convictions
will to help worthy students and also the desire on your part to know regarding whether your
these students are consecrated or not. Every individual must come to some rather
fundamental conclusions in regard to his own life as it is related to God's wish
and our personal destiny.
Many times I have allowed my mind to cover the subjects which you have
mentioned in your letter. There is no virtue in being poor, but at the same
time, those who have momey have a special responsibility in the use of such
funds. The Lord does not intend that we should use our funds unwisely by
offering everyone help and assistance. Man has been given a mind to
his responsibility to man and to God. Character is the only thing that contemplate we will
be able to take through with us to the Kingdom, and if there is any degree of known
selfishness left in our hearts, it is doubtful that the gates, of the
will
be open to us. Pride and selfishness are the sins on which Lucifer fell, Kingdom and
the social order of things has not changed one iota. Pride and selfishness can
be $o utterly devastating that the only antidote is a daily dying to self.
We appreciate your feelings in regard to your desire to help worthy students.
Occasionally disappoi ntments come, in that the product does not turn out the
we would wish. It is nevertheless true that the blessing is still ours in way
that we gave or assistaé. This is always true. The mite given by the widow
may have been aisused by the leaders of the temple, but insofar as the woman
was concerned, she received the blessing involved. We would hope, of
that the individual would respond to the cajoling of the Spirit and course, the
life to be completely
permit
consecrated and sanctified through the truth.
I have been interested in your conviction concerning the Spirit of
A good many of us have had to come to a conclusion, and although I cannot Prophecy. permit
myself to criticise others who have not yet responded, it is, however, important
that I apply both sides of the pages which I read in the Spirit of
This
wé have done for us, even though others may not yet have responded. Prophecy. It is true
that a1l of our leading brethren have not yet been convicted or else have not
responded to conviction in the same sense, but this does not give me license to
do as they do nor to criticise them for what they do in that the Spirit
not
yet have convicted a1l of them. Most of them are carrying heavy burdens may in
giving the message throughout the world. I would hope that the Spirit could
move all of us to a deeper sense of our responsibility and our destiny. Thés
will come as the latter rain is poured out upon those whose hearts are in
readiness.

--- Page 2 ---
-
E -
E -
, Me O
Aars Relbie
cek
da a

--- Page 3 ---


--- Page 4 ---
