
--- Page 1 ---
March 30, 1961
Mr. Alvin Meier
Okeene
Oklahoma
Dear Alvin:
Knowing of your interest in he lping worthy students on a loan
I
wish to explore with you your program for the future. Are you inclined basis, to
continue assisting students who are in need of financial
and who at the
same
time are worthy in every other respect, name ly, character-wise help
and scho las-
tically?
The young man, Mr. Eugene Crawford, whom you assisted last fall will soon
be returning to you approximately $335.00 as a part payment on the $500
indebtedness. The fact that you loaned him this money permitted him to continue
in school and finish his college program in business. After graduation this
spring, he wi1l be employed by the Collegedale Cabinets, Inc., which is a private
enterprise on our campus, producing a1l sorts of lab equipment for science and
home ecnomics labo ratories in high schools and universities. Mr. Bi1l
is the owner and manager of this ope ration, even though the school leases Hulsey the
building to him. This is convenient for the school, inasmuch as he hires a
number of young men to assist in this operation. He has been very successful
in building it up, and, of course, now his reputation has been established through-
out the Southern area.
Mr. Eugene Crawford will be employed as an accountant for this firn. In
other words, you should have no concern over the repayent of the note.
I do not know how extensively you wish to heip young people, but I know
of no better investment. If I had any idea at all, it may be that I could turn
more worthy students in your direction. Today a young man came into the office
by the name of Vernon Wagner, who has been accepted by the College of Medical
Evangelists as a medical student beginning his work next September. Vernon has
had to work hard a1l of his life, ina smuch as his parents have 'been unable to
help him. Even on our campus this year, he works. far too much for his own health
and school program, but his spirit has always been goo,. At this time he is
concerned about his ability to meet the financial requirements for the
of Medical Evange: lists. The first year costs approximately $1750.00. He College will
be able to secure a Government loan of approximately $400, and his room and
board wi1l be provided by some good-hearted doctor living in the community in
Lona Linda. This leaves approximately $1300.00 to finance in some
A
doctor in Atlanta is willing to underwrite him if hè agrees to return way. to this
area. Vernon, however, is not from this area, and he does not wish to commit
himself so far in advance.
Any loan which would be made to him would have to be made on a
basis. An embryo doctor does not complete his work until several years long-term hence,
