
--- Page 1 ---
(binoo) zoioM rsids 20100G
msgoig THoVal erelisdai et artey soR ob I basserobm e889
mofderg ainz Jo 9TSVS ed o3 taswr blsov Sov 0a aEw I sai sI9ds
as 3osno0 03 esti lost esosig nolasup zerstit VB eved noy3
S ni nfoonk n grijeen eris 1s JOV Balese es biswiot soc! Hsda 1
July 17, 1963
Bolsewr wel
37001 vieressia
Doctor Fabian Meier, President
La Sierra College
Arlington, California Hsane) W-I
nB0G almebsoA
Dear Fabian:
One of our new employees and a former student, Mrs. Paul H.
Holden, is facing a serious problem which indirectly effects your
institution since it involves one of your students. I am not sure
whether you are aware of this problem or not and I thought it might
be well for me to sharelit with you since re-admittance of this student
might be questionable under the circumstances.
Mrs. Holden's husband, Paul, is presently a student at the University
of Southern California. During the summer of 1962 Mr. Holden
accompanied Miss Westphal and her group to Mexico for the workshop
there in Spanish. At that time he met Miss Karen Ruf who was then a
student at La Sierra and I think is still in attendance. These two became
emotionally involved and contimued this relationship the following year
while Mr. Holden was in attendance at U.S.C. Mrs. Holden is convinced
beyond a shadow of a doubt that her husband and Miss Ruf have been
sexually intimate on numerous occasions. In fact, he is presently
trying to get a divorce from Mrs. Holden. He is attending U.S.C. on
a grant from the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare. This
grant is based on the fact that he is married and the father of two
children. His lawyer is trying to work out a settlement with Mrs. Holden
for support for herself and the children which is considerably less than
the amount provided by the government. We are trying to give Mrs. Holden
some assistance in this matter.
However, it appears that the relationship between Mr. Holden and
Miss Ruf is continuing. I thought it might be well for me to bring this
to your attention since you might want to follow through on it. This is
certainly a tragic case but something that we apparently will see more
and more of as time goes on.
