
--- Page 1 ---
a
a
April 18, 1962
€
Miss Caro1 Ann
$
Meyer
330 Conrad
College Place, Washington
Dear Carol:
The summer school bulletin has gone to press and we are
now able to give you the information called for in your
letter of January 14.
The class in Advanced Grammar will be offered but it will
not be possible for us to schedule the class, History of
the South, inasmuch as we are conducting a Southern History
Course as a tour through the southland. If you wish to
consider more summer work than that which is involved in
Advanced Grammar, you will be able to make your selection
from various other classes.
Only approximately six weeks remain of this school year.
Our commencement exercises will be conducted on June 3.
The sumer school session begins June 11. No one seems
to be able to stop old man Ptimelrand whether we get our
work done oz not, he moves ahead.
We wi1l be happy to welcome you back to this beautiful
valley of Collegedal le.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
g1

--- Page 2 ---
330 Conard
College Place, Washington
January 14, 1962
Dr. Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Schneider:
This year has brought many blessings. How much I appreciate your
making it possible for me to spend my senior year at Walla Walla. To be
sure I miss my friends, my teachers, my family, but professionally I'm
learning, and for that I am glad.
Life here is interesting and sometimes hectic--much like home. Yet
I have found several quiet retreats where I can learn from the peaceful
beauty of nature that not always the best in life moves fast. I believe
this fact is more easily lost sight of here in a town than it was at home
in our valley. The miles of open wheat fields, though, seem to
an open mind on all phases of life, a frontier spirit of adventure. encourage I like
that.
This year has been a profitable one for Paul and me together. In
spite of the two years apart in different circumstances we find we think
much the same about many issues involving our future home. Adventist Home,
which we are reading together, has been an inspiration to us to try to
make our home live up to God's high standard for a home. We are wishing
we didn't have to wait until August 6 to be married, but unless summer
school starts rather late, that is what we will do.
And speaking of summer school, could you please send me a bulletin
as soon as they are ready?
I hear from some of my friends that certain revisions have been
made in the education department as far as class content is concerned.
What I hear is good. At WWC Dr. Silver, head of the education department,
constantly weaves throughout his courses the principles of education as
outlined by Sist ter White. How much I have wished that could have been the
practice in my education classes at SMC. Even in our Fundamentals of
Education class it always seemed to me that Sister White had so much more
to say, the principles of which she wrote were sO much more practical, and
the methods of teaching she advised were so much more useful than those
of which the worldly educators wrote because the former had the stamp of
God upon them. And yet we didn't study Education or related books as we
should have. True, we started out studying Education, but we soon drifted
to the "great educators of our generation."

--- Page 3 ---
2
While the education department here is good, how I long to sit
again in a class by Miss Lindberg or Mr. Madgwick! Their Christian
approach to literature was exemplary, I felt. Many times in my student
teaching fall quarter--which some of the time was with an Academy class
of juniors--I remembered in part the reasons Miss Lindberg and/or Mr.
Madgwick chose or rejected a certain piece of literature for class study.
Sometimes my students questioned my reasons for omitting something they
wanted to read, but I could always give them a reason for what I did.
And my classes at SMC helped me to do that.
I promised to give you word on what I would need next summer to
graduate. Advanced Grammar is the only class I must have. Dr. Kennedy
said History of the South was needed for southern certification, but
that since I planned to be teaching out here I ought to take History of
the Pacific Northwest, which I will do next quarter.
Below is a list of all the classes I will have taken by the end
of this year. As you can see, I have listed quarter hours as they are
given in the WWC bulletin and my interpretation of those into semester
hours. If you find a mistake in my figuring that will necessitate a
change in program, will you please advise me of such so that I can
possibly change next quarter?
Class
Q. hours
S. hours
Ed 118 - Educational Evaluation
3
2
Ed 121 - Sec. Meth. & Curriculum
3
2
Ed 115 - Teaching of Arithmetic
3
2
Ed 133 - Teaching of Language Arts
3
2
Ed 101 - Directed Teaching (Elem.)
3
2
Ed 147 - Directed Teaching (Sec.)
4
3
Eng 75 - English Literature
3
2
Eng 84-85-86 - Newswriting
6
4
Eng 82 - Twentieth Century Lit.
3
2
Eng 162, 163 - Romantic Period
4
3
Eng 64-65-66 - American Literature
6
4
Rel 121, 122, 123 - Spirit of Proph.
6
4
Soc. Sci. 176 - History of Pac. NW
3
2
This year's program is rather lopsided, isn't it! I believe,
however, that except for a foreign language I will have completed the
requirements for a B.A. in English by the end of next summer.
Thank you for your interest and help. I appreciate what you
have done for me.
Sincerely,
Caul
Unn Mauy n
Carol Ann Meyer
