
--- Page 1 ---
October 28, 1964
Mr. L. Davis Michel
United Medical Laboratories, Inc.
P.0. Box 3932
Portland 8, Oregon
Dear Mr. Michel:
Your recent letter of October 23 was referred to me by Doctor Hefferlin
since my office is in charge of placement. I was very happy to learn of
your program and your interest in Seventh-day Adventist young people.
Unfortunately we do not have any graduates this year in Medical
Technology. We do have a program in this field but are not graduating
any students this year. Ialso do not know of any two-year students
who have an interest in dropping out of college at the present time and
going into the program as a trainee, second class.
We face another problem as well'which you are probably not aware of.
The Seventh-day Adventist colleges of the North American Division
have set February 15 as a deadline for any recruiting outside of their
local union. Consequently, we try to comply with this policy and request
groups from outside the Southern Union to wait until February 15 to
recruit on our campus, thus giving our local hospitals and medical
programs an opportunity to contact our students fixst.
I am sure you can see the problem involved here. We would be most
happy, however, for you to visit our campus and have the opportunity
of meeting you personally. We would be most happy to put you in
contact with any students that might have an interest after the fifteenth
of February, but would not be able to do so at this time.
If you should have any further question, please feel free to contact us.
Sincerely yours,
J. W. Cassell, Jr.
Academic Dean
gi

--- Page 2 ---
United Medical Laboratories, Inc.
6060 N.E. 112th Avenue Phone 255-1220
N
P.O. Box 3932 PORTLAND 8, OREGON
br hA N

October 23, 1964
Mw we
h
do
A
Ray fefferlin, Ph.D.
Physics Department
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Sir:
The United Medical Laboratories, Inc. of Portland, Oregon, because of
an expansion program, is in need of employee applications in the follow-
ing fields:
Medical laboratory technician trainee, second class
a. two years college with C+ average required,
b. premedical, prenursing, and predental
subjects preferred.
Medical laboratory technician trainee, first class
a. B.A. or B.S. in chemistry, biology, zoology,
physics, mathematics, required.
We also have occasional openings in our print shop,
machine shop, cement plant, and physician service
department.
We prefer to hire married persons; and where the wife is a high school
graduate, there is often a nontechnical job available for her.
The United Medical Laboratories, Inc. is a testing laboratory that serves
thousands of physician clients from coas st to coast and in several foreign
countries. Because of the high quality of our service, we have been ex-
panding rapidly. And as we expand, the need for qualified personnel
becomes more pressing. Most of our two hundred employees are men and
women of principle who keep the Sabbath.

--- Page 3 ---
Page 2
October 23, 1964
A few of the advantages that t we offer our employees are:
1. a two-year teaching program which leads to registry as
a "AMT" by the American Academy of Medical Technologists;
2. a college, graduate school and trade school assistance program
3. many corporate fringe benefits;
4. rapid advancement;
5. profit sharing plan;
6. above average wages;
7. a clean Christian environment;
8. and some assistance with relocation expenses.
I am making a tour of seven of our eastern colleges and would greai tly appreciate
it if you could arrange to give me the opportunity of discussing our program in
detail with you or other interested members of your staff at that time. Also in
harmony with the purpose of my visit, I would be most thankful if you could put
me in touch with one or two interested students who qualify under the above
outlined prerequisites.
Presently, I am scheduled to arrive on your campus November 17, Tuesday.
I will be arriving in Chattanooga at 1:15 p.m., Flight 454, Delta Airlines. I
must be at the airport on November 18 at 8:00 p.m. for my flight to Nashville.
I will make my own arrangements for transportation.
Sineerely,
a
L. Davis Michel
Executive Vice-President
ldm cjt
