
--- Page 1 ---
Octobex 9, 1960
Mz. Lawrence W. Mills
American Osteopathic Association
212 East Ohio Street
Chicago 11, Illinois
Dear Mr. Mills:
Your letter to Dean Shankel was referred to me,
inasmuch as Dean Shankel has reached that blissful
age of retirement.
We sha1l be pleased to have you visit ouz campus
at 1:30 P.m. on Monday, October 17. It wi1l also be
a pleasure to have Dr. John R. Jones with us again.
I shall have our pre-medical adviser with us, and it
may be possible for you. to take the time to look
through our Science Department.
Very sincere ly yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
WMS:jt

--- Page 2 ---
American Osteopathic Association
m
212 EAST OHIO STREET . CHICAGO 1I, ILLINOIS
Office of Education
LAWRENCE W. MILLS
Director
October 3, 1960
Dean George E. Shankel
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dean Shankel:
I plan to be in the Chattanooga area Monday October 17 for a
meeting that night sponsored 6 by members of the osteopathic
profession.
Dr. John R. Jones, president of the Tennessee Assocation of
Osteopathic Physicians and Surgeons, of Chattanooga, one of
your supporters, is anxious for our visit to your college Monday
afternoon. He will accompany me on this visit.
I have had the opportunity of visiting several colleges sppnsored
by your denomination. About fifteen graduates of colleges of The
Seven Day Adventist enter osteopathic colleges annually. Most of
them enter our Kansas City College of Osteopathy and Surgery.
Four of your freshmen students entered osteopathic colleges in 1957,
three in 1958 and one in 1959.
During my visit to your college I should like to have the opportunity
of meeting with your premedical advisor. Would 1:30 P.M. be satis-
factory, Monday October 17.
Very truly yours,
Rwtiuee bnulh
Lawrence W. Mills
LWM:sh
cc: Stanley C. Pettit, D. 0.,VG Chm.
John R. Jones, D. 0., Pres. Tenn. Assn.
Mr. Z.D. Atkins, Ex.Secy. Tenn. Assn.
P. S. A stamped self-addressed envelope
is enclosed for your convenience.
TELEPHONE WHITEHALL 4-2713
