
--- Page 1 ---
December 1, 1960
Dr. Harry Miller
Loma Linda Food Company
Arlington, Cal lifornia
Dear Doctor Miller:
We surely appreciated your kind letter received after you returned from the
Orient. Your ability to get around at your age is remarkable, and, of course,
all of us hope that your energies wi1l not diminish in the near future.
This moring I received a long-distance telephone call from a non-Adventist
friend of mine living in Michigan, who is among those individual 1s making a rather
high income annually. Mr. Schaller is a graduate of our college in Michigan
but is of the Lutheran faith. He has always been very cordial to me personally,
and I have been interested in maintaining contact with him. His call this
morning concerned a Mr. Otto Schleffer of 1005 Michigan Avenue, St. Joe,
Michigan. Mr. Schleffer is a Seventh-day Adventist, according to Mr. Schaller,
and recently came to this country from Brazil. He had located in Brazil as an
immigrant from Germany.
Mr. Schleffer has been interested in establishing contact with someone
interested in the production of soybean milk and other food items. It was for
that reason that Mr. Schaller called me this morning. It seems that Mr. Schleffer
has a process of producing soybean milk wi thout additives. Mr. Schaller is a
very discerning man of much ability, and it was his opinion that Mr. Schleffer
knew what he was talking about. He desired the name or names of individuals
who may have an interest in establishing contact with Mr. Schleffer. I gave him
your name, and it may, be that you will be hearing from Mr. Schleffer in the
near future. In any event, it may be worth while investigating, inasmuch as
there is always some thing new to learn. Knowing of your interest in the soybean
field, I was sure that you would carry on correspondence. with this Mr. Otto
Schleffer of St. Joe, Michigan.
After you have investigated this matter to some extent, I would be pleased
to hear from you in regards to your opinion concerning this man's theory.
We have had a beautiful fall; however, it has turned rather cold compared
to California. Perhaps we are getting some of the co ld wave that has swept the
midwest.
Should, you ever be in this area; please let us know, for we will surely wish
to see you.
Very cordially yours,
WMS:jt
Wilbert M. Schnéider
Academic Dean
