
--- Page 1 ---
S
(binoo) algoM yds .82M
Miw oliseroyses V o hEgsE i savorams sesoca 01 gabhw ma1
zedons So besn a at aigoM M4 Ihds ribnesesohnu 7 al -I hyoT.M
sw evsiled I anliasieanib etd delan ot angnrss eils nosi VEwP TSSTAP
asaesio eis o entos eiss B1 30 emce 31 byos M raiw suo aiit sow niso
piobosca 7o sevd 3sc May 27, 1963 bydt M 37s0p 3as ars 102
a noisegia eds ssdw jeut wosi Bs 1el 13o aigoM TM orisnsent sfs n
oshy 03 emis enis BOV as VoV mon Toeri 03 boasela ec Haria ew
Mrs. Ruby Mogis eoN Viersonts goV
927-S Cherry Lane
East Lansing, Michigan
Dear Mrs. Mogis: Tebiendsa .M zodfw
maoa bimoheoA
Am I correct in assuming that you are the Ruby Simmons that I knew
at Walla Walla College? Doctor Rittenhouse thought that you had
-
attended Walla Walla College and if this is the case, surely we are
already acquainted.
Friday afternoon I returned from Pacific Union College where I had
a visit with all department heads concerning the program next year.
We are of course pleased to have you step in to serve as acting head
of the Secretarial Science Department. I am sure that you have had
your qualms in doing so but rest assured that we shall work with you
closely.
While on the Angwin campus, I had a visit with Mrs. Neilsen and
Miss Stepnikoff. In order to get things started for next year, I have
asked the two ladies who are on the campus to sit down and study the
curriculum on the basis of next year's program. They were feeling a
little bit at sea in a ship without a rudder. I have asked the two ladies
to sit down and determine what ought to be offered by each of you three
teachers. This is not an attempt to move ahead of you, Ruby, but we
are anxious to get along with a class schedule. Ibelieve they under-
stand pretty well what you are interested in and, of course, what they
have been teaching and what needs to be taught next year. I shall be
arziving there on the campus around the 27th of June and have asked
them to leave this information with me. At that time I will get in touch
with you regarding the program before we place it in the class schedule
as final. Pexhaps you will be able to let me know just when you will be
arriving on the campus. I hope this procedure meets with your approval.
All df us will have to work together rather closely inasmuch as our
scattered condition does not permit a face to face arrangement. Ibelieve we
will have a good year and we are looking forward to our association with you.
