
--- Page 1 ---
-
S
February 11, 1963
*
Mr. Samuel C. Moore
3532 E. Tenth Street
Indianapolis 1, Indiana
Dear Mr. Moore:
I have read your letter of February 8 with a great deal of interest. We
are also mindful of your desire to continue your education. It is true,
however, that it would be best for you to return to Union College to remove
some of the grades which you earned while there on the campus.
We would gladly sendi you an application blank but it would hardly be fair
for us to take your $2 application fee if there were littie chance for you to
be admitted to our school. I read your letter with interest and I note much
to be desired in the way of spelling and grammar. If the letter which you
wrote is an indication of your ability, it would seem highly impractical for
you to attempt college. First of all you must learn to spell and use the
King's English before attempting a difficult college program. Iwould
encourage you to busy yourself at the task of sharpening your tools which
are so necessary to succeed in college. I am also wondering about your
reading ability. Perhaps it would be well for you to sit for some college
admission tests before you apply again. I would not wish to discourage you,
nevertheless, it is not fair to an individual to lead them to believe that they
can be successful in college unless there is good ground to expect success.
We would certainly need to study your transcript both from high school and
the college work attempted before giving you a sound evaluation. Perhaps
you would want to have these transcripts sent to us and after careful study
of these documents, we shall be glad to write you again.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean

--- Page 2 ---
s. C. Moore
3532 E. 10 St.
Indpls. 1, Ind.
Feb. 8, 1963
Office of the Dean
Sothern Missionary College
Collegodale, Tennessee
Dear Dean:
The purpose of this letter is to acquaint you with my
experience, the two years that I attend college.
I attended Union College in Lincoln Nebra ska (one of our
college), from 1959-1961 in which I engage and enjoy the act-
ivities that are found in college, but due to lac of interest
rather than disability of mental capacity or disability to
digest aca demic work, I failed to achieve the real gold of
loarning; consecuentely, I was encourrage by the staf of the
acdemic affairs, to take over those subjects which did not
meet the standards of a future senior. Since I have been there
for two year s it will be embarrasing to take the same subjects
that I have taken in the past.
Undoughtly I will be the first one to a dmit, that if I
am not capable to improve my accedemic work, it will no be
worth to spend more time or mony, that is in college work,
but I feel that I have not put the effort that college edu-
cati on recuires, I also consider that 'heroes are those who
died in the batle and not those who died without fighting'; ;
I will like to prove to my self, as wéll as to others, that
I am capable to disipline my self to get a highor education.
In conclusion, will it be posible for me to enrr ol or better
yet, what should I do to become a student of Sothern Missionary
College, for the school year that begins in September of 19537
Sincerelly yours,
Samuel C. Moore
