
--- Page 1 ---
January 20, 1960
Mr. Homer D. Higbee
Institute of Research on Overseas Programs
lells Hall, A
Michigan State University
East Lansing, Michigan
Dear Mr. Higbee: :
I received your questionnaire some time ago, but I have,
been absent from the campus for some time and an only
now getting around to answering your letter.
I may say that we have very few foreign students at
Southern Missionary College, so few that we do not have
a foreign student adviser.
I feel that the filling out of the questionnaire would
hardly be worth while considering the fact that we have
merely a handful of foreign students and have not made
any provisien for then except for a counselor or adviser
as for a1l regular students.
Very sincere ly yours,
G. E. Shankel
Academic Dean
Jr

--- Page 2 ---
MICHIGAN STATE UNIVERSITY EAST LANSING
INSTITUTE OF RESEARCH ON OVERSEAS PROGRAMS
December 23, 1959
Dr. G. E. Shankel
Dean of the College
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Shankel:
I have recently been commissioned by your organization, The National
Association of Foreign Student Advisers, to carry out a study "to
develop, evaluate and share a body of knowledge concerning services
now provided to foreign personnel on American campuses. I would like
to tell you a little about the orientation of the study and the methods
we propose to use in carrying it out.
First, the focus is on the activities conducted primarily, but not
exclusively, by the Foreign Student Advisers on the various campuses.
A review of on-going programs will provide a picture of the similari-
ties and dissimilarities and, when related to number of foreign
students, size of university, type of university and policies on inter-
national educational activities, may provide significant insights for
more specific study of certain aspects of the foreign student programs.
Second, in addition to an interest in on-going activities it seems that
university presidents, deans of faculties and other academic and
administrative officials can provide essential information regarding
policy questions affecting your office and activities. It might be
assumed that their views regarding the role of international educational
activities and of foreign students at your university relate directly
to the role of the foreign student adviser and to his program.
Third, the foreign students themselves probably have certain expecta-
tions regarding what they believe the university should do to maximize
their educational endeavors while in the United States. It should be
both interesting and informative to receive such views from a sample
of foreign students.
To approach these major groups, the foreign student advisers, the
university presidents, and other academic and administrative officials
and the foreign students, we propose to use a combination of personal
interviews and questionnaires. Budget and time factors dictated the
selection of a sample of forty-eight campuses at which personal inter-
views could be held with the foreign student adviser, the president,
dean of faculties, director of admissions and others. From these

--- Page 3 ---
December 8, 1959
Page 2
forty-eight campuses a sample of foreign students will also be selected
to receive a questionnaire. All foreign student advisers will receive
the questionnaire attached to this letter. Contact with some of you
will be by both questionnaire and personal interview.
I hope you will find time in the next two weeks to complete the question-
naire. If insufficient space has been provided on the form to accommo-
date your response or if the wording of a particular question does not
accommodate your situation, please feel free to answer on a separate
sheet of paper. If you do use a separate sheet of paper, it would be
helpful if you key your responses to the number of the appropriate
question. General comment without specific relation to a particular
question would also be welcomed.
Your cooperation in responding to the questionnaire will be appreciated.
Sincerely,
Lomer
Homer D. Higbee
Director of NAFSA Study
