
--- Page 1 ---
February 21, 1961
Mr. A1 Munson, Treasurer
Southern California Conference
Box 969
Glendale 5, California
Dear Brother Munson:
This afternoon I received a telephone call from a lady living in
Chat ttanooga who is interested in the possibility of placing an aunt in one
of your living units comprising the Ventura Estates. This aunt is a resident
of the Southern California Conference and is presently 64 years of age. She
is receiving social security, and, I believe, wi1l soon receive some old-age
pension from the State of California. It is my belief that she should be
receiving a minimum of old-age pension measured by the difference between the
amount of the social security she is receiving and the total amount of old-
age pension she will be receiving.
Mrs. Mary Beth Shull, of Chattanooga, whom I know very well, is interested
in knowing what your charges for single individuais are and what it will take
to secure space for such an individual. She is also interested in knowing
whether the old-age pension received from the State of California will continue
if and when such an indi ividual takes up living in the Ventura Estates.
This lady is not at a1l bedfast, but has no means beyond what she will
be receiving by way of social security and old-age pensions. We recognize
that this will not be sufficient to house the individual and it wi1l take a
subsidy from someone like Mary Beth Shull. Are there presently accommodations
available, and, if not, when couldisuch accommodations be expected? As I
remember, the charge for a single person was approximately $125.00 per month.
Perhaps you could confirn this, or if you have some pamphlet available, we sha1l
appreciate receiving such.
This lady would be capable, inasmuch as she is only 64 years of age, of
assisting in some job for approximately four hours a day. Would it be possible
to make such arrangements for part-time service.
We sha1l appreciate any information you can give, and would you please
send it air mail, inasmuch as Mrs. Shull is very anxious about the matter.
Greetings from the foothills of the Smokies. Presently, sky is meeting
earth, and we are all about to swim away. This wi1l, of course, beautify
the hilis when spring comes shortly. The fact is the weather has been so
lovely lately that even some of the flowers have begun to bloom in this
part of the country.
