
--- Page 1 ---
THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF FOREIGN STUDENT ADVISERS
A professional Association of Foreign Student Advisers, feachers of English as a foreign language,
Fulbright Program Advisers and others professionally. related with international educational exchange
500 RIVERSIDE DRIVE, NEW YORK 27, N.Y.
UNiversity 5-3411
President: MRS. CHARLES BANG
Executive Assistant: JEANNE BROCKMANN
Cleveland Council on World Affairs
February 10, 1960
1960 CONFERENCE ANNOUNCEMENT
The Board of Directors of NAFSA announces that the Twelfth Annual Conference
on International Educational Exchange and the Annual Business Meeting of The
National Association of Foreign Student Advisers will be held Tuesday, April 19,
through Friday, April 22, 1960. Conference Headquarters will be at The Brown
Palace in Denver, Colorado.
You will note from the enclosed tentative Program that the many informative
plenary sessions and workshop meetings will be centered around the foreign student's
experience in the United States - from inquiry about admission to his academic
institution to terminal programs and continuing relations.
There will be pre-conference meetings on Tuesday, April 19th, for those who
are new to NAFSA and its activities or new in their profession. Other Conference
highlights will be a trip to the mountains with a dinner at the University of
Colorado, sponsored by the Asiatic Petroleum Corporation on behalf of Compania
Shell de Venezuela, and the Annual NAFSA Dinner at which the guest speaker will
be The Honorable Robert Ho Thayer, Special Assistant to the Secretary of State.
To those of you planning to attend your first NAFSA Conference, this is to
notify you that the Conference will bring together Foreign Student and Fulbright
Program Advisers from college and university campuses, teachers of English as a
foreign language, administrative personnel from related organizations, represen-
tatives from governmental departments, and cultural officers from foreign embassies
and legations.
The Conference regi istration fees have been set by the NAFSA Board of Directors
at $7.50 for members of NAFSA and $10 for non-members. Costs for rooms at the
hotels and for Conference meals will be sent in the next Conference mailing.
Please return the enclosed Tentative Registration Card if you would like to
receive the final Conference Program and additional Conference mailings.
We feel sure this Twelfth Annual NAFSA Conference will inspire you with new
ideas about your work, give you opportunity to discuss mutual problems with others
in your profession, and add to your store of knowledge about international educa-
tional exchange. We look forward to having you with us in Denver this April.
NAFSA Board of Directors
1960 Conference Committee
azhe

Darces
Katherine C. Bang
Mrs. Cat tharine Ludy Davies
(Mrs. Charles N. Bang)
Conference Chairman
President
