
--- Page 1 ---
August 18, 1959
National Defense Student Loan Fund
Raleigh, North Carolina
Gentlemen:
I have an inquiry from Bruce G. Freeman, Jr., who is
a student at Southern Missionary College, enlisting
our cooperation in securing a loan of $1,000 for this
coming school year.
I shall appreciate information from you regarding the
necessary procedures, as I had understood any disbursements
from the Student Loan Fund were arranged only through the
college itself. Up to the present timé we have not availed
ourselves of amountsavailable through this fund. Our
Board has been a bit hesitant to go into this matter.
However, I thinlc at the present time the way would be
clear for us to apply under the act.
This particular student seemed to indicate that it would
be proper to approach you directly in his behalf for such
a loan since North Carolina is his home state. I shall
appreciate, therefore, any information you may be able
to give as to the possibility of securing a loan or the
procedure for making such a request. Possibly he has
misunderstood about the matter and his information is
not quite correct. In any case, I shall appreciate
hearing from you on the matter.
Very sincerely yours,
G. E. Shankel
Academic Dean
jr

--- Page 2 ---
August 9, 1959
Bruce G. Freeman, Jr.
3025 Park Road
Charlotte, North Carolina
Dear Doctor Shankel,
I have received information from a fri end of mine
about a Federal student loan, grant, and scholarship
program.
The friend I am speaking of, Wayne Hallman, has re-
ceived his loan through the Dean of his college. His
Dean wrote to this Loan Department in Raleigh, North
Carolina : giving vital information such as grades,
citizenship, ma. jors, minors and plans for the future.
The Dean asked for a loan, grant, or possible scholar-
ship. The state will decide which to give according to
grades, majors, etc. He received a loan which is to be
paid back in a ten year. period; and in case of draft,
no payments have to be made while in the Service.
Wayne is going to a state school here in North
Carolina, and is holding a C av erage. He had no
trouble in obtaining this loan.
I would like the application for this loan to be
made for $1000.00 this year, and for $1000.00 for next
year.
I am requesting the loan for seve eral reasons: I will
be able to take a heavier class schedule and graduate in
two more years instead of three more; this y ear I am on
the Student Senate as Publications, Public Relations
Chairman, and I want to devote a great share of my time
to this office; last but not least, it would relieve e my
parents of a great financial burden.
Without this loan my work schedule would have to be
very heavy, and would hinder not only my grades and grad-
uation, but also my duty to thi S important office in the
Senate.
I am sure you will find my status as a college stu-
dent at Southern Missionary College very acceptable for
this loan. I have maintained an above average Grade Point
Av erage, with a high two point G.P.A. for last semester of

--- Page 3 ---
2
last year. Another important factor in my application
for this loan is that I am a science ma. jor, in
and I am planning to work in research for the gove biology, ernme ent 9
upon after graduate work. I am taking a German and English
minor.
I know I am very late in contacting you about this
loan, but I have been unable to receive information about
this program until just the other day. I would very. greatly
appreciate your cooporation in this matter. It is something
that will help out not only my parents and I, but also the
College.
Your letter requestirg this loan should be addressed
to the:
National Defense Student Loan Fund
Raleigh, North Carolina.
Any further information you have on this matter will
be greatly appreclated. I may be wrong, but I do believe
this loan program is obtainable through the state. I will be
anxiously waiting for your reply.
Very sincerely yours
Gsule
Bruce G. Freeman, Jr.
