
--- Page 1 ---
August 6, 1965
Mrs. Virginia Nelson
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Mrs. Nelson:
You probably wonder why you have not heard from me sooner
regarding your request for certain Home Nursing class needs.
I wanted to check first to see which of these would be needed in
the new Associate Degree Nursing Program. The ather
The other day Mrs. Watson was on the campus and checked your
list. She tells me that most of the things you need have been
donated to us by Mr. Morris, administrator of Madison Hespital.
In addition, however, we will need one plastic baby tub bath used
for foot baths, soaks, bathing baby, etc., a rack for the fomentation
tub, two compress holder wringers, and one and a half yards of
sturdy material for making compress holders. These items you
should go ahead and requisition through Doctor Dean's department.
In his absenceg, belleve it would be acceptable for me to sign for
them.
You should also talk to Mr. Costerisan about moving a stove into
that room in the Home Economics Department that we are setting
up for the use of the Nursing Division. All the other things you
requested will be provided and you may feel free to use them as
needed.
If you should have any further question, please feel free to contact me.
Very sincerely yours,
J. W. Cagsell, Jr.
Academic Dean
gi

--- Page 2 ---
Sorry for the time I've taken in completing this list but I've tracked
down much in t he way of former supplies and the below list is at a
minimum of what is needed. Being human, I fear there might be some
1 tems overlooked but I feel sure no major one.
HOME NURSING CLASS NEEDS
1. One stove, or large two burner unit for boiling very large
containers of water. ( masn fayp Repr Gisati
dslke
www
4 2. Two beds
3. Two bedside tables, or stands, large enough to hold bath equip-
ment, treatment equipment, etc.
4. Sink with rui nning water
5. One plastic baby bath tub - to use for foot baths, soaks, bathing
baby, etc.
e 6. One plastic wash basin to use for giving bedside baths.
LINENS
N 7. One dozen bath towels
"w8. Onèf dozen wash cloths
- 9. Half dozen "hooked" type face t owels
MISCELLANEOUS
10. Rack for the fomentation tub - - B&G can make
11. Two COI mpress holder wringers .
B & G can make
12. One and a half yards sturdy material for making compress holders.
There will be a few articles needed from the market, mer cantile, etc.
possibly throughout the year. For instance: soap * alcohol, etc.
Urgently we would need a storage cabinet, with lock, and pre eferably
wi th adjustable shelves 24", or more, in depth, where treatment trays
etc. C an be placed and always ready for use.
