
--- Page 1 ---
February 19, 1962
Mrs. Lorraine Nej lsen
1915 West Crystal Street
Chicago 22, Illinois
Dear Mrs. Ne Isen:
Your letter concerning the young lady, Miss M. Zipporah Arisa,
certainly is most interesting. It twould be wonderful if there
were many trained native Africans to carry on the medical work
in that needy field.
Some of our young ladies enrolled in the Collegiate School of
Nursing program secure limited scholarship funds from the
Union Conference organization on the basis that they return to
the Orl lando Sanitarium and Hospital aftes graduation. This
arrangement would make it impossibie for Miss Arisa to secare
funds of that nature. The collegiate program is very expensive.
I wonder if you have investigated the possibility of her
admission into the Hinsdal le Sanitarium R.N. program. If she
could secure her R.N. first of all, it would then be possible
for her to earn sufficient funds to continue her studies for
the degree. That is the best suggestion that I have.
It may be that she could be accepted at the Madison School of
Nursing, Madison College, Madison, Tennessee. Perhaps you may
wish to correspond with that school in order to determine
whether they wouid be able to do something for this young
lady. At Madison their program permits more work while they
are going through school.
It may also be wise for you to correspond with the Union
College, Lincoln, Nebraska, Collegiate School of Nursing.
These are only suggestions that I have inasmch as we would
be unable to do much for this worthy young lady.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
gl

--- Page 2 ---
February 16, 1962
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale,
Tennessee
Attn: Office of the Registrar
Dear Sir:
I am informed by the Hinsdale Sanitarium and Hospital here in
Hinsdale, Illinois that you might be able to supoly me with the help
and/or information I need. I sincerely hope sO.
For quite some time I have been corresponding with a young African girl
who is in the midst of her studies to become a nurse in her native Kenya
Colony, British East Africa. Miss M, Zippor ah Arisa is a young lady who
was taken in by the Seventh-Day Adventist Missionaries and was educated
by their schools thus far. It is her desire to come to the United State: S
to acquire sufficient training so that she can return to her country and
teach other girls to do the so important job of properly nursing their
sick. She is a very religious young lady, and I am sure she would prefer
going to a school connected with her church, such as yours, if at all pos-
sible to do sO. She is about mid way in her training, and will complete
the course for Hospital Assistant or Grade I Dresser (I am informed that
that is equivalent to our R.N.) at the end of 1963. She has had somewhat
more than the avers age academic education that is had by most young ladies
in her country. She has completed our equivalent of 10th grade, in ad-
dition to the nursing training that she is now getting. She has an especial
fondness for surgical nursing too. Since she is mission educated and cared
for, she is unable to pay much if any of her own way. It would be necess ary
for her to obtain a substantial scholarship and/or student loan that she
could work off either Wile she is studying, or afterward.
If there is a possibility that she might be accepted into your school would
you please let me know, and you may feel free to make any further inquiries
concerning the young lady either from me, or from the American doctor wi th
whom she works at present. His address is as follows .
Dr. W. W. 0liphant,
Kendu Mission Hospital
P. 0. Kendu Bay,
Kenya Colony,
British East Africa.
Should you be unable to accept her into your school, but should you be able
to supply me with any information that might prove helpful, such as sug-
gestions about where I might inquire in her behalf, we should both be very
grateful.
Thanking you in advance for all time and effort spent by you on our behalf,
I am,
Vezy truly yours,
 auns nelge
Mrs. Lorraine Nelsen
1915 West Crystal Street
Chic ago 22, Illinois
