
--- Page 1 ---
Newbold Missionary College,
Bracknell,
Berkshire,
England, 8th January, 1959.
Dr. G.E. Shankel, Academic Dean,
Southern Missionary College,
Collegdale,
Tennessee,
U.S.A.
Dear Dr. Shankel:
I was certainly delighted to hear from you this morning, and
especially to know that everything seems to be going so well at
Southern Missionary College. I remember the conversation which
we had with your wife, and daughter, and Dr. Rittenhouse last summer,
and I must say that I was somewhat concerned at that time, but the
good progress you are making at the present time indicates without
question that the Lord always keeps His hand over His work.
It was very kind of you to think of our name in connection
with your Department of Religion. I know that we would be very happy
if we could be associated with your family there at S.M.E, However,
we are committed to stay here at Newbold at least until the summer of
1960. There is a slight possibility that it might go even longer
than that date, although we personally are anxious to return to the
States at that time. We still have our house in Takoma Park and
Washington Missionary College is still holding the second mortgage
on the place, so, in a sense, we are obligated to W.M.Co Really, as
we look into the future, we have come to the conclusion that we must
simply wait until we can see the directing hand of the Lord before we
make any moves. I wish that I were in a position to tell you something
definitely, but since I Gannot, I am afraid that you should not count
on us.
We visited S.M.C. several years ago and fellt at the time that you
have one of the most ideal locations of any of our colleges. We
thought at the time that it would be pleasant indeed if the day might
come when we could live and work in that environment. I hope that
you will understand my position right now, however, and please do
accept my sincere thanks for considering our name.
With my warmest Christian greetings to your good wife as well
as youself,
I am,
Sincerely,
