
--- Page 1 ---
July 21, 1961
Mr. Boardman Noland
General Legal Council
General Conference, Corp. of Seventh-day Adventist
Legai Depariment
6840 Eastesm Avenue, N.W.
Takoma Park, Hashington 12, D. C.
Dear Mr. Noland:
In the absence o President Rees I have secured the information concerning
our broom factory called for in your letter of July 11, 1961. Our shop
superintendents have not furnished information to any attorneys or govern-
ment officials and have not filled out any forms pertaining to tariff and
import problems.
The National Broom Manufactures Association has sent us the enclosed
ma terials in regard to the import problem, If you deem this to be harm-
less, please retum it to us with counsel.
The infomation called for in your letter wiil be given in the same orde:
as follows:
1. Total number employed in our broon factory; winter months-50,
summer months-25.
2. Total number of students or learners; winter months-45,
sumer months-20.
3. Total weekly gross production of brooms average of 550 dozen
weekly.
4. Wages paid to, students average $4,000 monthly during school year,
$2,500 monthly during sumei r months.
5. Wages paid to non students $9,500 annually.
6. Our bcoom factory has received tax exemption on property in that
it is classified as part of the co 1lege. Any properties belonging
to the college, whether used for academic purposes or not, have
been exempt thus far. Thus far we have not paid a tax on the profits
or income of the broom factory. This is a matter presently under
consideration as part of the complete problem of çollege industries.
I believe your legal council outside of 'the General Conference staff
can give you some informat tion as the the status of this item. Per-
haps I ought to say that one of the reasons the industries have not
paid a fedezal income tax is that the income inures to the college
and, therefore, is not considered as a profit of the broom factory.

--- Page 2 ---
LEGAL DEPARTMENT
Cfencral Conference Cosporation
OF SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTISTS
GENERAL LEGAL COUNSEL
6840 EASTERN AVENUE, N.W.
BOARDMAN NOLAND
TAKOMA PARK, WASHINGTON 12, D.C.
RANDOLPH TELEPHONE 3-0800
July 11, 1961
C.N. Rees, President
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear President Rees:
Re : Broom Industry
Recently the General Conference has received inquiries from
attorneys who represent the National Broom Manufacturers and Allied
Industries Association, which includes twenty-nine shops for blind
workers. These attorneys are endeavoring to get certain information
relative to our school industries, and if this information were given
directly to them it could result in difficulty or embarrassment to
our schools.
Therefore, we are requesting that you instruct your Shop Super-
intendents to not furnish information to any attorneys or government
officials, and request that they obtain all of the same through this
office.
We would like the following information:
25S.
1. The total number that you employ in your broom shop. 50
2. The total number of students or learners. 45
20 S
3. The total weekly gross production of brooms. 550
coee

Dos
4. Wages paid to students.
000 M.
*
ovellly Schonyear
,500
/
Bs cer
5. Wages paid to non-students. 9500
Yeanly
6. Does your broom factory receive tax exemption on:
a. Property
yes
b. Income
yes
C. Unemployment and old-age retirement No
d. Wage withholding
No

--- Page 3 ---
C.N. Rees
2
July 11, 1961
7. If you are receiving any of these exemptions, on what basis
were they allowed?
We have also received other inquiries from Mr. Trevis of the
United States Tariff Commission, stating that he had sent out a
Questionnaire to all of the members of the National Broom Manufactu-
rers, and to a number of other broom manuracturers who were not mem-
bers of the organization, including some of our academies. If you
have such a Questionnaire, would you please have it completed and
return it to this office instead of to the United States Tariff
Commission.
Your immediate attention to this is imperative. The Legal Depart-
ment of the General Conference must give this matter preferred
attention, which it cannot do without the requested information.
Very truls yours,
ala
BN:AF
