
--- Page 1 ---
NAVY RECRUITING STATION
AND
OFFICE OF NAVAL OFFICER PROCUREMENT
643 U. S. COURT HOUSE
NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE
24 August 1959
Dean George E. Shankel
Southern
pcacbon
Missionary College
Hlve
Collegedale, Tennessee
Le
e
Dear Dean Shankel:
Be
Mwval
SLM
The Chief of Naval Personnel has established
Naval Reserve Officers who are members of the a program whereby inactive
staff of your college may earn retirement and faculty or administrative
ing as local representatives of our office. When promotional credits by act-
promlgated, the Commandant of the Sixth
the program was first
South Carolina, gave us a list of the Naval District at Charleston,
a result of our visits to several colleges eligible officers in our area. As
our list of eligibles was by no means
this past spring we found that
a few members of the faculties and staffs complete and that there are quite
tirement were jeopardized by not being able whose to reserve promotion and re-
Since the promotional and retirement credits earn the required credits.
ticipation in this program are of so much
that can be gained by par-
Reserve Officer, we feel that in all
importance to the individual
locate and give them cognizance of the justice an effort should be made to
opportunities that exists.
Participation in the program by the individual
way with his or her profession, or the
will not interfere in any
the contrary, the mere fact that you have activities of your institution; to
that are authorized to correspond
in your staff a person or persons
advantageous. The program gives directly with us should prove mutually
student body an official and direct you and all members of your staff and
ment.
source of contact to the Navy Depart-
Any members of your faculty who are interested in
directed to contact this office for detailed
this program should be
Any action you feel you should take to distribute information about this program.
greatly appreciated.
this information will be
Sincerely yours,
EPoldr
W. E. HOLDER, LCDR, USNR
ASST. OFFICER IN CHARGE
