
--- Page 1 ---
A
October 26, 1959
S
Eider Boyd B. Olson
Northern Union Conference
501 Forest Avenue
Minneapolis 3, Minnesota
Dear Brother 0lson;
I have your inquiry of October 23 relative to the matter of
accepting students from senior academies with less than four
years of work.
After experiencing some difficulty with this problem, we took
an action this past yeaz which we feel will be the only logical
and satisfactory conclusion. We have published to the fieid
and in our bulletin that we will not accept academy students
until they have graduated from académy or high school.
Nhat caused the difficulty in this union was that the number
of units required for graduation varied from sixteen to twenty,
with the state of Florida being an example of a state requiring
twenty units for graduation--five units a yeaz. But as I say,
the states vary considerably and a1l of this was confusing, for
with a requirement of only fifteen or sixteen units it was
obvious that many students could enter with only three years
of work. However, that a1l is settled now, and we are drawing
the line rigidly.
We have an example of a student taking thrée years of work at
an academy, two units by correspondence, thus needing only
one unit for graduation, Rather than make her spend one more
year in an academy we are requiring her to take one unit here
in the academy along with her college work. But by and large
we do not expect these things to happen at all.
I think it is only right to protect our academies by insisting
that our young people actually complete the, work at the academy
before being admitted to college. If the academies want to
let the students double up and complete their work in less than
four years, we feel that is up to them, A1l that we insist upon
is that a student finish secondary school before we consider
his application.

--- Page 2 ---
NORTHERN UNION CONFERENCE
of Seventh-day Adventists
501 FOREST AVENUE - MINNEAPOLIS 3, MINNESOTA
TEL. FEderal 3-2497
OFFICE OF THE EDUCATIONAL AND
MISSIONARY VOLUNTEER SECRETARY
October 23, 1959
Dean G. E. Shankel
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dean Shankel:
In the Northern and Central Unions' there is a growing interest
in young people attending our senior academies for three years
and then enrolling at Union College, foregoing, of course, the
graduation from the academy. Our fine college, Union College,
will take pupils if they lack only two units of having the
minimm number for graduation. This is now 18 units.
Since the requirements are now 18 units, we have permitted more
of the young people to take five solid subjects than previously.
A student can now take five solid subjects each year, making 15,
and with music and P. E., he will have 16 or more. We are not
graduating them unless they have been in attendance at the
academy for four years, except in the case of older students.
Do you have any plan which would make it mandatory for the average
teenage academy pupil to remain in the academy for four years. I
would appreciate your writing me concerning this.
Yours very truly,
Boyd E. Olson,
Educational Secretary
BEO:dg -
