
--- Page 1 ---
BONDS
FIDEUTY
CONTRACT
INSURANCE
liver
Co:
COOEKEATION
Joe Bailey
AE VTAN
(A division of Herndon, Iles and Scott)
FIRE
INSURANCE AND B ONDING
Gince 1920
P. 0. BOX 2307
A. B. HERNDON, JR., PRESIDENT
WILLIAM A. ILES, VICE-PRESIDENT
400 EAST CHURCH STREET
HAROLD E. SCOTT, SEC'Y-TREAS.
ORLANDO, FLORIDA, 32802
TEL. 241-1661 - AREA CODE 305
16 July 1964
aP
Dr. J. W. Cassell
Academic Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Jack:
Last Saturday and Sunday I talked at length with the Rauch
family and on Sunday morning with Kenny Davis. I suspect that
by now Kenny has probably communicated with you the gist of our
conversation and I know that young John Rauch has written to
you about coming to college next year.
Your letter notifying John that you had accepted him for the
next school year was received with due delight, but with con-
siderable apprehension at the prospect of being under a dark
cloud coming in.
Your letter seemed to give him the message that he would be
under observation for the first opportunity the school would
have to unload him. I assured him that the school was not in
the business of unloading students, but rather, in the business
of watching them for opportunities to help them achieve their
objectives.
I don't think there is a doubt in the world but what Johnny's
immaturity at going to college at age sixteen accounted for
his pranks up at Andrews University. I got away with things
just like that when I was up there, but now that they have
university status and don't heed the students as bad as they
once did; I think it's probably easier for them to relieve
themselves of their problems rather than to attempt to cure
them.
YOUR/ AGENT dra

--- Page 2 ---
Dr. J. W. Cassell
July 16, 1964
Page Two
My purpose in writing is to let you know that I know John's
background and feel that he will be a good student and that
the college will do a great deal for him. His attitude is
certainly one of contrition and one which should make him a
good citizen and good student. Kenneth has already told him
that he would like for him to call at his office once a week
during the first quarter of the year, so I imagine that it
won't be difficult to keep him in the path of rectitude. I'11
appreciate whatever interest you have in him as an individual
and hope that the college can do a great deal for him this
next year.
I'm looking forward to seeing you on the 2nd of August if
you're going to be there.
Best regards,
William A. Iles
WAI/knt

--- Page 3 ---
August 2, 1964
Mr. William A. Iles
P.0. Box 2307
Orlando, Florida 32802
Dear Bill:
Please forgive me for not answering your letter of July 16 sooner, but I
have been off campus a great deal working with this problem at Madison
College. Probably you have heard by now that the Southern Union Com-
mittee took formal action to close the college at Madison permanently.
Presently we are giving some study to the possibility of starting an
Associate in Arts Nursing program there a year from this fall. This is
not definite, but there appears to be a need for this type of program in the
Southern Union. This would in no way change our collegiate program in
the Orlando campus but would only be an additional program that would
probably attract a large mumber of girls.
I imagine my letter to John Rauch sounded a little severe. However, Bill,
I have had some very poor recommendations on this boy from folks at
Andrews University. These have not only come by recommendation blank
and letter but also orally. It is true that he will have to be admitted on a
social probationary basis and will be under observation for the first sem-
ester. If he is here for busines,however, I am sure that we will give him
every benefit of the doubt and we will lift his probationary status as soon
as he proves to us that he is here for business. Certainly we do not want
to expell him and will do all within our power to see that his stay here at
Southern Missionary College is successful and rewarding to him personally.
We do appreciate your recommendation and feel that you are probably better
acquainted with this boy than most people since you have been in close
association with his family. I believe if he follows through consistantly
on the plan that Kenneth Davis has outlined for him, it will be most helpful.
We will plan to see you on the second of August.
Sincerely yours,
J.W. Cassell, Jr.
Academic Dean
