
--- Page 1 ---
6
October 13, 1960
-
Mr. William Iles
c/o 0liver Joe Bailey Company
45 West Washington Street
Orlando, Florida
Dear Mr. Iles:
Several days ago Mr. Kenneth Davis, our dean of men, spoke to me in regard
to a $250 scholarship which you are making available to a worthy student on our
campus who perhaps would have to leave if additional financing were not made
available. This is certainly very kind of you and to be appreciated by a student
as we1l as a. college.
We have given careful study to the placement of this Scholarship, and
yesterday discovered that unless one of our senior students receives some
financial assistance, it may be necessary for him to terminate his stay on
this campus. Mr. Eugene Crawford is endeavoring to complete the college
curriculum in the field of business administration. He is doing everything
possible to he 1p himself, and the college wi1l also suggest additional ways
and means to sec cure financing. It is possible that we can make available a
$250 Government loan, but this will not be a sufficient amount to see him
through. If your $250 scholarship were made available to him, we believe that
Mr. Crawford could complete his work here this year. It would be a tragedy
if he had to drop out at this time,
Mr. Bugene Crawford is mariied, and the wife has been doing everything
possible to assist him, but she will not be able to continue her job for a
period of time due to illness accompanying pregnancy. Although this is an
unexpected turn of events, Mr. Crawford is very anxious to finish his school
work. Inasmuch as he is so close to the finishing line, we sha1l do everything
possible to see him through. He is a good student and should make a very good
worker. At present, he is not only reading papers for the Business Administration
Department, but also working in our college garage.
We shall inform Mr. Eugene Crawford of our recommendation. to you. He will
surely be happy to receive this $250 scholarship. We sha1l appreciate word
from you of this possibility in the immediate future. Thank you kindly for
your interest in our students.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
WMS:jt
Academic Dean
