
--- Page 1 ---
January 5, 1959
Mr. Robert W. 01son, President
Newbold Missionary College
Brackne1l, Berkshire, England
Dear Brother and Sister 0lson:
I am writing to you at this time from Southern Missionary College
where I am serving as dean at the present time. I have just returned
from a two weeks" visit with my family in New York, and while I was
there they were telling me of a very pleasant visit they had at the
college during their tour of Europe last summes r. I think perhaps
Mrs. 0lson was the one who made a remark somewhat to the effect
that you may be looking forward to returning to the United States
in the not-too-distant future. They spoke in very high terms of the
fine work that you are doing over there in England and the high
res spect in which you are he ld by the people.
This is the time of year in the States when, as you know, we begin
to look over our situation for the future to know how to
and
we have some openings coming up that we will need to be thinking plan,
about in the near future. One of then is in our Division of Religion
where we are in need of another full-time person. Dr. Otto Christensen
is the head of our Division of Religion and Theology at the present
time. Elder C. A. Reeves joined the department this year in charge
of the evangelistic part of the program, but Eider Baasch, who has
carried quite a burden for a number of years, will be dropping out
very soon so we will particularly be in need of a third full-time
person.
Of course I haven't the slightest idea whether anything of this
kind would appeal to you upon your return or not, but anyway I have
been talking over with the president a few names that wer might con-
sider as being really satisfactory persons to fi1l the Job, and
name stands very high on that list.
your
I may say that Southern Missionary College is having a wonderfu1
school year, and with our new administrative setup here things are
really running along in a very fine way. We have the highest enroll-
ment in the history of the college and a very strong program of
expansion at the present time.
