
--- Page 1 ---
July 14, 1958
Miss Bertha F. Parker, R. N.
Assistant Director, School of Nursing
Paradise Valley Sanitarium and Hospital
National City, California
Dear Miss Parker:
I have your inquiry of July 9 relative to practices in
social affairs here at Southern Missionary College and I
shall do my best to answer at least.briefly. Apparently
these problens are not common to any particular part of the
country as we all have the Same questions, I am sure. We
shall be glad to send you a copy of our student handbook
although I must say that it is not exactly up to date and
is in process of revision at the present time.
Our policy regarding dress regulations is not too detailed
so far as the handbook is concerned in the matter of lou necks
and tight fitting garments and sleeveless dresses. We, of
course, endeavor to hold good standards on all of these things
but we find a growing tendency to be rather lax in all of
these respects. Sleeveless dresses in this Tennessee clim te
are quite the thing: and, so far as I know, there is not too
much said about them. The wearing of shorts is not allowed
except in the Bymnasium but in the matter of the capri pants
I may say that we are holding these for such occasions as
picnics and outings of various kinds oE even attendance at
ba11 games--in other words, all sports or outdoor occasions
of that nature.
This whole matter has, of course, become a very problen-
atical one to all of our institutions these days and it is
part of the age in which we live that makes it all the more
difficult as time goes on to really hold to what are con-
sidered as old-fashioned standards these days. However,
the principles of right dress are not just a matter of the
particular moment in which we happen to live but there are
fundamental principles that are universal and apply to all
ages if we are to hold proper standards in relationships.
I realize that this is not a very enlightening or satisfac-
tory answer but perhaps it will be of some help.
With very kind regards.
Sincerely yours,
jb
G. E. Shankel, Dean
