
--- Page 1 ---
Orangewsod eademy
Serving the Seventh-day Adventist Youth of Orange County
13732 CLINTON AVENUE
GARDEN GROVE, CALIFORNIA
JEfferson 4-4694
March %, 1962
Dr. W. M. Schnoider, Decn
Southorn Mis sionory Colle ge
Colle gedalo, Tennesses
Denz Dr. Schnsider:
hank: you for your assistance in he 1p ins us find
tonchers for o1 acadeny. We. have vot cd. to employ
Sandra E1llott, and I an now waiting for confimation
from bs: 7. Possibly by the time you Est this lettor
We will lave this confirmation.
I have an interest in another student who is sradunting
this yenr in August. His name is Treeman Ward. I had
Freeman as a student for thiee years whon he was a
young man, and I have not seon hin now for about five
vears. Iwoula lile to heve your appmeisal of hin
as a student, as a christien there at t he school, and
what your foelins is as to his chances of snecess in
tenching in phraics, math, snd mmusic. Imould
mpprecinte 1t 1 you wonld contact the chairmen of
tho mus Lc dopartment and have him send a letber of
roonmendation and mention which instruments ho
foels Wr. Mard w11l do best in. I wonla also apprecinte
yo1r contacting the chaimmen of the plysies anmath
departments and asleing for - a lotter of recommendation
rom them-for me. Alsc, if Dr. Kennedy coula ave
mo 37 oppznisal of his stndent tonching I would 111re
that veny much lso.
We are not sue that we will have a place for Ir. Ward,
but 1G a10 in the proocss of tying to worlo o1t gono-
thing herc in our academy in oumiculum changos. I
feel thezo ia a vers good chance of emplozing him
for nesc school veaz.

--- Page 2 ---
Dr. W. M. Schnelder
-2-
March 9, 1962
I am vcry int erested in a statement faom YoLL or S ome one
who Inows the anstrer relativo to his christien
emperienns and that of his wife. Would wC bc glad
to hsve them on 0173 faculty? Would they uphold t1 hc
Scventh-dey Adventist standards without any question?
Thenl: you for talins time in your busy schodulo to
help us in our search for good tonchers here at our
schccl.
I should mention that TTe Rre goins to be unablo to
use Misa Annetta Cwens, since We have found a
teacher who has batter califications in the
plysical cducation department. Je mpprocinte your
sugestion of hez namo, and I certainly lope she
gets a. good job. I an suPe she is & fine christian
lady.
Sincerely yours,
Sb
aeler
Lester E. Tark,
Principal
IP:bms
