
--- Page 1 ---
Lynwood Academy
11081 HARRIS AVENUE
LYNWOOD, CALIFORNIA
April 17, 1962
9
W.H. Taylor
Southern Missionary College
aabws
Collegedale, Tenn.
1
Dear Bro. Taylor:
There is one area in our schools that we S eem to be short
in supplying and that is the librarianship. At the present
time our librarian is planning to continue one more year. At
the end of the school years 1962-163 he will retire. At that
time we would like to have someone ready with qualifications
who could come and take over our library and continue in a good
manner. At Lynwood Academy we have over 400
this means a heavy responsibility for the individual students, in naturally the
library. I trust that we are on the way to upgrade the services
for librarians so that in a school this size they would have a
minimum of student supervision and a maximum of actual library
professional work.
Now here is what I'm wondering if you folk could do in the
college; could you look into the situation as to prospective
librarians and find someone who might graduate in
someone
that could be groomed in somewhat of a special way 1963, to into
this work. This would be a specific individual and one go that we
could talk with and contact while they are taking their S enior
work in library training at your school. We could also
in
such a way that the final work that they may not be able plan to take
with you could be taken at some other college during the summer
and other summers after they had joined our staff. Your interest
and support in this kind of a plan would be greatly appreciated
by our school here at Lynwood. I feel certain that should there
be more than one individual preparing in this manner that there
will be schools not only in the Pacific Union but elsewhere that
would employ such librarians. I understand that in
20 academies in our Pacific Union that only two or three approximately have
trained librarians. I will be looking forward to an
the near future.
answer in
Very sincerely yours,
l
N.L. Parker, principal
NLP:ja
