
--- Page 1 ---
A
KS
3
March 13, 1962
C
Mr. Lester E. Park, Principal
Orangewood Acadeny
13732 Clinton Avenue
Garden Grove, California
Dear Brother Park:
I ans requesting Dr. Ray Hefferlin, head of our Physics Department,
Dr. Kennedy, head of our Education Department, and perhaps some-
one from our Music Department to send you letters of recommendation
concerning Mz. Freeman Wara. I believe Freeman toole most of his
music elsewhere and therefore it is difficult for us to evaluate
his ability along this line. I shall investigate this matter
further-
Freeman Ward married a fine young lady who has been working hard
to give him the financial assistance necessary to complete school.
If she were the individual whom you would be interested in, I
could write you with some degree of exuberance. Freeman will
someday prove himself worthy I believe but It is taking hin a
long time to grour up. He sti1l has some growing to do. Freeman
has been an average student. Of late he seens to be very much
interested in securing a teaching appointment. It may be that
he would prove hinself in a very fine way. I believe he would
be very cooperative.
A year ago I would have questioned his Christian experience but
I believe he is trying to avoid the pitfalis of the past. He
was involved in a problem last year which made it necessary for
us to recommend his departure. This problem was related to his
ability in photography. His photographic subjects were not always
too well chosen. He seems to be very much in earnest this year and
this may be due to the fact that he is coming around to graduation
with the idea of having to face the future. As I said before, his
wife seems to be much more capable of facing the future than Freeman.
Freeman is not the best of students but in a few years he should be
in a position to prove himself. It may be we1l to listen.to other
voices on the campus that will be writing you.
le hope that Sandra Elliott accepts your proposition and that she
will prove faitifui to her work which we believe sie will. A11
