
--- Page 1 ---
Cahnhin Lam Calig
TAKOMA PARK i 2,
AN
June 18, 1963
Mr. J. W, Peeke
9012 Adelphi Road
Hyattsville, Maryland
Dear Jewell:
T have check ed on the first year program in nursing at Southern
Missionary College and find that the course in nursing, as given there,
does not compare favorably with our first course in nursine, and,
therefore, I would suggest that Julianne not take that course. It will be
necessary for her to be here for the summer session prior to entrance
upon her sophmore year in order that she may get the Introduction to
Nursing as it is given here. I believe it will also be necessary for
her to take, during that summer, our course in Principles of Development
and Learning, inasmuch as the material of this course is not taught
at Southern Missionary College until the upper division.
I shall outline here the courses which she should include in her program:
Anatomy and Physiology, Biology Courses 11 and 12; Survey of Chemistry,
Chemistry Courses 7 and 8; Freshman English, Courses 1 and 2; General
Psychology, Course 51. She will take the usual freshman course in
Religion, and the Freshman Physical Education, plus Principles of Health 1
Hygiene. This, plus the summer session, should give her the program
which is equivalent to that which is done in our first year's work. If
she desires to take something to replace the courses of the first year
wiich she cannot get, she might take a course in history, or, if it is
permitted, a course in speech, or possibly a course in American govern-
ment. I should like to see it made possible for her to omit the summer
session which follows the sophmore year, but I am not sure that we can
arrange that. During that summer the student takee Speech and Fine Arts,
but the Fine Arts course, I believe, is not handled the same way at
Souther, 30 we may not be able to accomplish that. We have a number of
transfer students from Southern Missionary College and Andrews University
and, as 3 rule, they fit in quite well, although they are usually faced
with having to spend an extra summer in school.
If I have f'ailed to answer any of your questions, please do not hesitate
to ca3l me.
Very sincerely,
Enice J. Rozema, Registrar
EJR/ir
