
--- Page 1 ---
INSURANCE
SERVICE
eneral Conference of Seventh-day Adventists
6840 EASTERN AVENUE, N.W., WASHINGTON 12, D.C.
Telephone: 723-0800
July 18, 1963
(Dictated July 16)
Dr. C. N. Rees, President
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Con:
Re: Synchronization of Nursing Programs
Enclosed please find a photocopy of a June 18 letter that we received
from Eunice Rozema the registrar at Columbia Union College.
As you know, Julianne and Donna want. to get some dormitory experience
and want to attend Southern Missionary for a year with the intent of trans-
ferring to Columbia Union College at the end of that time. It seems as if
there is some difficulty, but I think Dr. Beaven has suggested a solution
to the one problem of the course "Introduction to Nursing." Dr. Beaven
said that Julianne and Donna could receive special instruction at the end
of next summer from Miss Smith by spending two weeks solid at the sanitar-
ium and thus make up the difference in the two courses of "Introduction
to Nursing" of Southern Missionary College compared to Columbia Union
College.
Would you, give me some the oughts and suggestions about the other con-
tent of Miss Rozema 's letter?
It is entirely possible that both Julianne and Donna might decide
to stay at Southern Missionary College and, of course, this would make
my wife and me hapry because we feel thai t you run a good program. At
the present time both Julianne and Donna are thinking of transferring
back to Columbia Union College beçause of some special young men who
are in attendance there.
At any rate, Con, I would appreciate your help in this matter.
I investigated through our Transportation Department the possibility
of obtaining a flight to Furope on a non-scheduled airline and I was told
that. there are two airlines that might workout such a program. The names
are Slick Airlines and Butler Aviation Transport. Mail addressed to them
will reach them if it is addressed to the names of th e companies in care
of the Washington National Airport. Would you pass this information on
to David? Thank you
Sincerely yours,
Bo. Yocke
JWP:jm
W. Peeke, Manager
