
--- Page 1 ---
July 3, 1961
Miss Carol Pratt
2925 S. E. 131
Portland 36, Oregon
Dear Miss Fratt:
We note your interest in our work-study program and under separate cover
we are sending you one of our college bulletins. You will note our aims
and objectives listed in the front part of the bulletin. Under point
number eight of the objectives entitled Vocational, you will read the
following statement,
"he college provides opportunity for work experience and vocational
training as an integral part of the total educational experience in
order to teach the student that labor is God-given, dignified and an
aid to character development as well as a means of financial support."
This is our basic philosophy and we find that we can. depend on it. A
student who has learned the vaiue of industry will generally appiy him-
self to 1ife and its problems in an entirely different manner.
We have no written brochure that we can send you in regard to our overall
plan. In the financial section of the bulle tin, you will find in block
fo rmation various financial plans and the amount that the student can work
under each of the plans and the total hours of school work that they are
able to take under the respective financial plan. A student must keep a
careful balance between his work program and the amount of college hours
in class work. There is a temptation on the part of some students who are
in need of more finances to work more hours in the college industries than
they should. If a student keeps a careful balance between his work-study
program, his scholarship does not suffer. We find quite on the contrary
that students who busy themselves with labor use their time more efficiently
when it comes to studying. Less time is wasted in doing nothing.
It is very true that we have to take into consideration the student's ability
to handle college work. No residence hall student may take less than eight
hours of school work. The majority of our students do some work in the college
industries or in the coldege service departments.
You can very well inagine that it is not a pleasant task to manage an industry
imploying students on a part time basis and on a split shift basis. Yos can
also very we1l imagine that it is difficult to compete with similaricmercial
businesses not operated by the college. Student labor as a whole is not
