
--- Page 1 ---
Miss Carol Pratt (Cont'd)
2
profitable. Imagine employing five or six hundred students at one time in
the fa1l of the year. During the summer months we keep the industries
operating with a skeleton staff and then in the fall we are called upon to
absorbe the large group of students coming on to the campus. This is a
Herculean task. Also imagine training hundreds of students for the fixst
time to effectively do their work assigned in the college industries. You
cannot male a broom naker over night, nor can you train a printer in a few
hours time. On paper the plan sounds beautiful in that the college student
has the opportunity to work in an industry to help defray his college expenses.
In reality it represents a job that no one would ask for. It takes a spirit
of devotion to operate an industry of that kind.
We feel, however, that the results achieved are greater than thec difficulties
encountered. With us it is a necessity inasmuch as we are not at a1l interested
in federal aid, This is a church-related college belonging to the Seventh-day
Adventist Church. We sincerely believe in separation of church and state and,
therefore, would not be interested in federal aid to the college. It is true
of course that Government Loans are made available to students to the extent
that the college receives loan funds. These funds of course are entirely
separate and cannot be used by the college for any other purpose than to
assist worthy young people toward their goal. I believe that it is more to
the advantage of the young man or young women to earn more of their way
through school inasmuch as they then understand what industry means. I am
afraid with a11 the federal aid made available the student will learn too
soon to become a Subject of the welfare state. There is too much of the
philosophy- that "the government owes me a living."
Thes re is little else that I can say and should you have any further questions,
we sha1l be glad to hear from you again.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M, Schneider
Academic Dean
g1
