
--- Page 1 ---
-
/
-
October 16, 1961
y
Doctor M. E. Mathisen
Academic Dean
Pacific Union College
Angwin, California
Dear Dean Mathisen:
We can sincerely appreciate your problem of having out grown
your chapel. This probiem we, too, had to face this year.
Our enrollmen increased over 22 per cent in one year and had
we more dormitory space, we would have been able to take even
more young people. It was our thought that the new Women's
Residence Hall would provide ample space for the young ladies
for at least two years but already the infirmary and all other
service facilities are full.
We have faced our chape1 dilemma by conducting a chapel service
for the married students concurrently with the other chapel.
The married students are meeting in the Fine Arts Chapel. Our
chapels are scheduled three times a week but the Friday hour
is given to groups such as the Student Association, class meetings,
and departmental clubs if desired. Of course our chapel service
is scheduled at 7:10-7:45 a.m. This permits a student to go to
work in the college industries at 8:00 and work until 12:00.
We are rather heavily industrialized and it is necessary to use
our school facilities a1l through the day and on into the evening
hour. This year we have scheduled a number of classes during the
evening study period. A two-hour class is scheduled for one
evening a week meeting from 7:30-9:10. A three-hour class should
meet twice a week. The arrangement has given us much fiexibility
in the use of class rooms as well as a provision whereby students
may elect to go to school in the morning oE afternoon. We have
had to come to this type of program for the sake of our college
industries and our students who need to work. I am inclined to
believe that our school facilities should be used more intensively
instead of using class rooms only during the morning hours.
The greatest problem which we have is the scheduling of labs to
provide for a morning and/or afternoon choice. The men in our
science division have considered it unwise to schedule laboratories

--- Page 2 ---
PACIFIC UNION COLLEGE
ANGWIN, CALIFORNIA
October 6, 1961
OFFICE OF THE DEAN
Dr. W. M. Schneider, Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dean Schneider:
We would appreciate receiving a copy of your schedule
of classes for the current school year. In our crowded situati on
here at Pacific Union College, we are finding it necessary to
give serious study to. our class schedule,
I understand that some of our schools are arranging the
schedule so that students may register for a complete schedule
in either the forenoon or afternoon, thus facilitating the work
pro ogram as well as easing the crowded classroom situation,
I would appreciate, also, any suggestions you may have
as to arranging the assembly pr ogra am and the morning wors ship
program in the college. Our chapel, at present, will not seat
our entire student body and we are thinking of having two assembly
periods twice a week and two 20-minute worship periods each morning.
I would appreciate any helpful suggestions you might
have,
Very cordially yours,
M, E. Mathisen
Academic Dean
MEM: sm
