
--- Page 1 ---
October 9, 1960
Dean M. E, Mathisen
Pacific Union College
Angwin, California
Dear Brother Mathisen:
Your letter of October 4 outlining recent movements at CMB is very much
appreciated. You may rest assured that we here at Southern Missionary College
ha ve not been sitting idly by without contesting this matter.
Your points are a1l we1l taken, and many others could be added. The
membe rs of our Executive Committee of the Board have been instructed in
detaii, Unfortunat tely, our Board chairman, Bider Don Rees, has been away
on a journey through Africa, but his return is expected this week. We hope
to have hin on our campus this coming Thursday, and at that time we sha1l
present the picture to him as we see it.
When we learned of this move on the part of the CMB Board, our reactions
were spontaneous. We cannot understand how a Board made up of representatives
of all the Unions could permit such an action before considering their own
educational institutions. Apparently, there is a lack of appreciation on
the part of our own Board chairmen for what it takes to run an educational
ins titution. This must be due to a great deal of ignorance or a lack of
information. It seems inconceivable for such an action to pass the Fa1l
Council.
We had not heard from Pacific Union College or Walla Malla.College, but
insofar as the rest of the colleges are concerned east of the Rockies, theze
seems to be a common interest of seeing this matter thoroughly defeated.
Thank you again for letting us know of your thoughts, and we do hope
that the brethren wi1l think clearly. What has been done at CME is clearly
a matter of expediency for them at the expense of the liberal arts colleges.
Cordially yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
WMS:jt

--- Page 2 ---
PACIFIC UNION COLLEGE
ANGWIN, CALIFORNIA
October 4, 1960
OFFICE OF THE DEAN
W. M. Schneider, Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dean Schneider :
No doubt by this time you have received a copy of a letter from
Vice President K. J. Reynolds of the College of Medical Evangelists
wri itten to your college president in regard to future plans by the
College of Medical Evangelists involving the premedical program. I
view these developments with alarm and am theref ore writing each of
you suggesting that we ur ge our college presidents to present to
their respective Board chairmen the serious implications which these
plans, if voted, will mean to our colleges. Since the Union Conference
Presidents will determine at Fall Council whether these plans go into
effect, I feel that all possible should be done to explain to these
brethren how this will effect the colleges in their respective Unions.
I wi1l here enumerate in a random fashion some of the thoughts
that we have on this sub; ject.
1. If all premedical students take their fourth year on the
Loma Linda campus, a large segment of our most capable senior stu-
dents will be taken from the various departments in which they ma jor.
2. The likely effect will be to lower the mora ale of top flight
college department heads resulting in their transferring to other
organizations, perhaps not church related.
3. The three-year premedical student under such a program will
wish to pur sue only minimum requirements for medicine; it will be
difficult to hold to General Education and other lower division re-
quirements to which all degree students are held. We are already
facing this problem with predental students who insist they are not
degree candidates and theref ore should not be required to meet lower
division general requirements.
4. We wonder if these suggested plans do not represent a first
step in an ultimate attempt to set up a liberal arts college at Loma
Linda. Several of us feel that Liberal Arts undergraduate education
should be left with the senior colleges in the various Unions. It
would appear that this General Conference institution is going a bit
afield in attempting to set up a Liberal Arts program, If the new

--- Page 3 ---
W. M. Schneider, Dean
-2-
October 4, 1960
plan provided for entr: ance of medical students directly into medicine
after their third year, this would be in accord with C. M. E.'s
printed requirements. What we strongly oppose is their accepting
all premedical students af ter the third year of college, placing
them in a Liberal Arts pro ogra am on the Loma Linda campus bef ore their
acceptance into medicine.
5. In our thinking, a Liberal Arts pros gr am on the Loma Linda
campus for fourth-year premedical students would surely represent
considerable duplication of effort, facilities, staff, etc. Why should
the Church be put to the additional expense of providing these duplicate
facilities on the C. M. E. campus?
6. Such an arrangement t will only heighten the competition, which
even now exists for competent teaching personnel. I am certain that
many of our senior colleges have experienced the rather disconcerting
problem of financing a teacher thr ough graduate school in a key science
area only to have him accept a call from C. M. E. when his graduate work
is near completion.
7. We are of the opinion that our college administrations through
the: ir respective Board chairmen should protest stro ongly the move of a
General Conference institution entering the domain of undergraduate
education. We cannot agree that one year at Loma Linda prior to enter-
ing medicine can adequately replace the fourth year in the Liberal Arts
college.
With kindest regards and best wishes for a pleasant school year,
I am
Cordially your s,
7A.6. Karkis
M. E. Mathisen, Dean
MEM:kn
