
--- Page 1 ---
UNIVERSITY - OF CHICAGO
CHICAGO 37 +ILLINOIS
GRADUATE SCHOOL OF BUSINESS
Ofice ofthe Dean
December 11, 1962
W. M. Schneider, Dean
Southern Missionary Coll.
Collegedale, Tenn.
Dear Dean Schneider:
The Graduate School of Business of the University of Chicago will offer a
four-week program next summer on "Recent Developments in Applied Economics"
for teachers of economics. The program is made possible by financial support
from the General Electric Foundation. It will run from July 29 to August 23,
on our campus. A detailed statement will be sent to you in January, but I
want you to know something of our plans at this time.
Participants will receive & stipend of $200 to cover incidental expenses,
plus travel and living expenses. Participation will be limited to teachers
of economics in colleges and universities. A participant must be nominated
by the president or dean of the college, or by the chairman of his department.
Nominating institutions may wish to supplement the stipend so that the nominee
will receive an income equal to what could be earned by teaching during the
period involved. Participan ts will live in & new university dormitory and will
meet in air-conditioned semi inar rooms in our Charles Stewart Mott Building.
Work in the program will cover (1) recent developments in monetary and cycle
theory, with applications to problems of public policy and forecasting, and
(2) recent applications of principles of economics to problems in the alloca-
tion and employment of labor. The program leaders in these two areas will be
Professors Joel Segall and Albert Rees of the University of Chicago. In ad-
dition, occasional lectures will be given by: Professor Zvi Griliches, who
will discuss recent work on the determinants of the rate of economic growth;
D. Gale Johnson, who will discuss resource use in agriculture; Professor Arnold
Harberger, who will report on the research conducted in his public finance
workshop, and Professor Paul MacAvoy, who will analyze the relationship of
move emen1 ts in prices of rail and natural gas services and governmental regu-
lation of those prices. Business leaders also will discuss with the group
issues affecting allocation and economic efficiency.
Arrangements will be made for visits to the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago
and the economic and marketing research departments of business firms and
advertising agencies. The purpose of these visits will be to learn some-
thing of the applications of economic principles made by these organizations,
to obtain materials useful in teaching various subjects in the field of

--- Page 2 ---
2
economics, and to determine the vocational opportunities open to students in
economics and the preparatory training appropriate for such opportunities.
Enrollment will be limited to forty. In order to help the Selection Committee,
we would like to have an informal summary statement from each nominee about his
background, education, publications, teaching, research, business experience,
and reasons for desiring to enter the program, We would also like to have a
statement from you, or the person designated to make the nomination, evaluating
the candidate's ability to profit from the program, and describing how his
summer's experience will be relevant for future work at your institution.
Nominations must be received by February 1 80 that we can notify the nominees
by March 15.
The program will be under the direction of Yale Brozen, Professor of Business
Economics in the Graduate School of Business. If you have any questions at
this time, or in the future, please feel free to contact either Mr. Brozen
or me.
Sincerely yours,
Senge P Bhult
George P. Shultz
Dean
