
--- Page 1 ---
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT
GENERAL CONFERENCE OF SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTISTS
6840 EASTERN AVENUE. NW., WASHINGTON 12, D, C.
SECRETARY
T.R. FLAIZ, M. D.
ASSOCIATE SECRETARIES
March 23
D. LOIS BURNETT. R. N., NURSINE
1960
TELEPHONE: RANDOLPH 3-0800
C. H. E. E. RANDOLPH, RICE, HOSPITAL M. D. ADMIRISTRATION
CABLE: "ADVENTIST" WASHINGTON
CARL SUNDIN, MEDICAL EXTENSION
ASSISTANT SECRETARY
JOYCE w. HOPP, R. N. HEALTH EDUCATION
Dean G. E. Shankel
Southem Missionary College
Collegedale
Tennessee
Dear Dean Shankel:
I have in mind a little project that I want to carry out, and I am asking
you for your coope ration and assistance in this matter.
As you are aware, no doubt, I have the particular mission of finding medi-
cal persomel for our overseas hospitals. One of my duties in this
reci ruitment program is to contact our medical students at CME and intems
during their training pe: riods and foster a desire to enter the overseas
mission work.
In order to start a little earlier than CME, I have thought of the idea of
finding out, especially among the senior pre-medical students what their
thoughts are conc ering overseas mission work. I thought, pel rhaps, by
finding out year by year their interest, or lack of it, and keeping a little
statistical record of this, would help us to arrive at an idea of how many
of your young people are interested in their college days, and how this in-
terest is sus tained through their graduate days in CME and on out in the
prac tice of medicine.
To do this, we need to know the feeling of especially the senior pre-medical
students before they enter Loma Linda. I am, with this letter, soliciting
your assistance and cooperation to help out with this project. I am send-
ing you a little sample card (this will be paper, and cards will be printed
later for the record) that I would like to have you present to your students.
First of all, I need to know how many students you have in your senior pre-
medical class. When I find out the number of students, I will send you an
appropriate number of cards for you to present to your pre-medical students
and I will appreciate it very much if you will present the card to your
senior pre-medics and encourage them to give me their honest opinion about
foreign mission service.
They should bear in mind that the marking of this card will have no record
or bearing whatsoever on their entering Loma Linda at a future date. This
is a project of mine entirely, and is not connected with the medical school
in any way. Therefore, they can be perfectly frank and honest in saying
whether or not they are interested in mission wo: rk. I can readily under-

--- Page 2 ---
Dean G. E. Shankel
Soui thern Missionary College... .3-23-60...Pg. 2
stand that if this would have some bearing on their getting into Loma Linda,
it might prejudice their way of answering. This, I do not want. I want to
know just exactly how they feel about the mission program.
As I said earlier in this letter, when I learn from you the number of students
that you have in your college that are senior pre-medics, I will send you an
appropriate number of cards for them to fill out. I will appreciate very much
your assistance in this matter and also appreciate getting them back from you
at a later date.
Thanking you for your coopera tion and help in this matter, and wishing you
much of God's blessings in your work, I am
Faithfully yours,
C. E. Randolph, M.D.
ASSOCIATE SECRETARY
CER:1br
