
--- Page 1 ---
1360 Pelham Road
Winter Park, Florida
November 11, 1962
Wilbert M. Schneider, Ph.D., Aced emic Dean
Southern Missionary Dollege
Oollegedale, Tenness ee
Dear Doctor Schneider:
An interest on my part in acquiring the M. A. degree might truthfully
be said to date from my graduation in 1951. But to this point it
didn't seem feasible to try to arrange a schedule of working towar rd
that goal. However, recently my mind has been exercised in that t
direction to thepoint of ma king some inquiries as to the possibilities
in this geographical area.
Last week I visited Stetson University, D, Land, Florida and talked
with th e director of their graduate division an also the head of
the department of education. They have a program tailored to the
needs of teachers who find it impossible to persue a higher degree
by leave of absence etc. It is 8 combina tion of night classes and
summe r school. The program is about as folbows :
1. It covers two acedemic yea rs and two summer sess ions.
2. Night courses are on Monday from 6-9. P. M. And
cons ist of a 3 hour course each S emester.
3. Nine hours may be taken in residence during summer
4. The masi ter's program consisi ts of 30 hours. 3ix of sessions. these
may be earned by writing a thesis. If one elects not to
write a thesis, he does a rese earch paper instead and
mus t complete the full 30 hours.
5. Tuition for the 12 hours of night classes is at the rate
of $12.00 per 9 emes ter hour. Summer sessions at the
regular rate of 28.50. (I believe the latter figure is correct.)
There is a regis teration fee of 310.00.
As you will recall, I ha ve completed 8 quarter hours at Loma Linda
University. Although I didn't think to discuss the transferral of
thia credit to 3tets on, I ha ve every reason to believe it would
be possible. 30 that wouldhelp to shorten my cours e and also cut
expense es.
I have discus sed at some leng*h this outline as I ha ve given it to
you with Dr. Harriet Reaves and also with Zld er Reeves. Dr. Reeves
thinks it an excellent ides for me to work toward the mas ter 1
at Stetson. It would be in the area of couns eling and
degrea
This is quite relative to the courses I am taaching now guidance. and would
be helpful othe rwise I am sure.

--- Page 2 ---
-2-
I would appreciate it, Dr. Schneider, if you would give this a
bit of consideration and thought and make an evaluation for me.
I am not conversant with the college policy in such situations,
so must rely on you for all that information. I feel that I could
do the work without hempering my teaching here in the least, but
with the possibility at times of ha ving to cut corners a bit perhaps
on the chaplain's work as assignm ents might require. Even this
might not be a necessity. OP cours e, during the summer sessions
(or session) I would have to be relieved entirely from the
chaplain's work. The ress on I say "summes r session" is that if
they transfer my Loma Linda credit, it could eliminate a summes r
session or at least t a part of one.
The whole matter at this point is merely in the stage of discovering
possibilities. If it should come to the finance commit tte of the
college ad there is no provision in the policy of the college to
cover this kind of thing, or they do no t see their way clear to
do it now, I would appr eciate knowing whetber I might be allowed to
proceed on my own without financial help from the college. Since
I would like to begin second 8 emester this year if I should decide
to go ahead is my reason for exploring all possibilities at the
beginning. I would ne ed soon to make concrete plans and get my
application in.
Very, eincerely yours,
2ARRM
Herman 0. Ray
Instructor in Religion
South ern Missionary College
