
--- Page 1 ---
March 29, 1964
Don R. Rees
K. G. Beem
G. N. Rees
J. W. Cassell
Charles Fleming, Jr.
William Taylor
Re: Southern Missionary College
COMITIEE OF 100
Dear brethren,
We have just completed sending the COMITTEE 02 100 Iuncheon Invitations
for the Ceorgta-Qumberland Conference. These were sent to the thirteen
members, two men who have been invited to previous meetings, and tventy-one
new naues, Sider Leiske has provided us with a select group for this
busines-lumchaon, and we surely hope to inspire enough oE these men with
the college needs to E111 our membership requirement for this conference.
This luncheon is to be held in Atlanta, April 9, at Stouffer's Restaurant
in the Merchandise Mart located at Peachtree and Harris Streets beginning
at 12:00 noon. Parking is provided to the rear of this building. We will
meet in the main lobby of the building at 11:45.
It was suggested at a recent meeting of the Advisory Council that the ladies
be invited to these luncheons. We feel that this is an excellent idea, and
arrangenents have been made in each conference to adapt the plans to the
particular situation. At this Atlanta gathering. the ladies will have their
separate luncheon, and at 1:15 they wi1l laava by chartered bus for a two-hour
tour of the lovely residential sections of the city. The dogwood trees and
nany spring Elowers will be in full bloon at: that: time. We fcel this will
be an enjoyable exccursion, and we surely trust that it will be possible for
each of you to bring your wife to join the ladies for this occasion,
The program and presentation of the function of the COMMITTSE OF 100 will
follow the men's luncheon, We are counting strongly on the presence of each
of you. It will nean much to these business men and doctors to be able to
visit with you, We will make personal contact: with you for help on the
program. IE you have suggestions, we shall appreciate them,
We also wish to give you the schedule for the other conference luncheons.
We have not yet received complete details on the places where they will be
held, but the dates are now set. Each of these appointments is for a

--- Page 2 ---
2
noontime. Again, we want to mention that we hope the ladies can join
you for each of these.
Alabama-llasiasippi
May 5
Carolina
April 30
Florida
April 23
Oeorgia-Omberland
April 9
Kentucly-Temnessoe
May 6
So that we may know the number of reservations to make for April 9 here
in Atlanta, we would appreciate the return of the enclosed forn as soon
as possibie.
We look forward to being with you for each of these occasions.
Very sincerely yours,
Oscar L. lleinrich
Public Relations Department -SUC
OII 3
Enc.
