
--- Page 1 ---
July 26, 1961
Elder F. G. Reid, President
P. 0. Box 573
Bulawayo, Southern Rhodesia, AFRICA
Dear Brother Reid:
We sincerely appreciate your interest in sending your children
to our college. Yous letter to Brother Rees in regard to your
son, John, was referred to me for attention inasmuch as President
Rees is away from the campus at present attending a convention in
Massachusetts.
Your daughter, Nancy, is working for the Home Study Institute this
summer and the other daughter is on our campus as you we 11 know.
Both young ladies, I am sure, will do well here at Southern Missionary
College.
We are, of course, interested in your son, John, also but we have
nothing to urge in having him come to the school here as a senior
in our secondary school. We will have dormitory space for the
young men and we do accept some academy students who wi1l be
residing in the school homes. John, of course, is nineteen years
of age and wi1l probably enjoy the older age group of the college
students.
We would prefer, of course, if John waited until his freshmen year
of college to apply for admission. We note in your letter that
John would have to defray a large part of his school expenses by
working in the college industries. Generally we feel that our
first allegiance in this respect is to the college students. Our
increased enzo 11ment makes it difficult to find as much labor as
is desired on the pazt of our students. If we admit a number of
residence hall secondary students, it will mean that there may
not be enough work opportunities to pass around to our college
students. You can undoubtedly appreciate the position we are in.
Presently we are constructing a new book bindery for the purpose
of employing more young ladies. This industry will not be oper-
ating when school starts. Last year we had a serious problen
employing all our students that desired lal bos and with an expected
increase around fifty to seventy-five students for the coming school
year, it will be even more difficult.
