
--- Page 1 ---
:
(Edroo) ebvnalis .W.I.M
 Bisor uo Sait Ioal son ob H 3 Sdeb dess sodvo arb pizoig
ey : CVIS Binco Do odonss a 0: aliienoguet aho eigpolobo
Joorisa 704 a nobter Ja-3c0
eds a 1C dine anl August 4, 1963. 34e erls as brsriol ebloc msI
I coino iorisdoa eds To msmow bne CSFT snov ads lo sissauhe
nolalesins boos conia Tatigos veeclo sey Sso7 dEM our evetled
Mr.E.W. Reifsnyder, Principal orymi iniy al saalfoo bas ynebre neasd
Mount Pisgah Academy 30x eldlecoe sd Hvr 1 detra I ssebina a So egous
Candler, North Carolina
agu Tor KsV aiis n yiierones
Dear Mr. Reifsnyder: 03 sen feel ssEic Y 0T eonasaiess Ves do ed vam 1
On April 22 the Educational Board.voted that the academies in the Ep
Southern Union Conference would participate in the ACT program.
In fact, Southern Missionary College has now made this test a require-
ment for admission for the 1964-65 academic year. It was recommended
at the Educational Board meeting that these tests be given in the fall of
the year. After talking with Doctos R. F- Thomason, the ACT repre-
sentative for the South East, it was decided that each academy would
be recognized by the ACT program as a testing center.
Consequently I would like for you to designate one individual on your
campus as the ACT contact representative. This individual would be
responsible for giving the tests and returning them to ACT for scoring.
Complete instructions for administering the tests are included. They
are relatively simple to edminister and any teacher who has given
standardized tests previously should have no trouble administering
these tests. This way it will save the college considerable expense
and should be even more effective. There is frequently a negative
psychological factor introduced when someone outside of the academy
comes in to give tests.
As you know, the cost of the test is to be paid by the student. The fee
is $4. We hope that you will require this test of all your seniors even
though some of them think they are going out df the unfon to school and
will not need to take the test. It appears that most of our colleges are
now going on the ACT program. Consequently it may become a nation
wide requirement very shortly.
I hope tt will be possible for you to forward the name of the individual
who will serve as the ACT contact person on your campus to me as
soon as possible. I want to get all of this information to Doctor Thomason
before the end of the summer so details may be sent to this individual
