
--- Page 1 ---
caer r zedejo
S
VISS SONGST.IM
nt ason osonleiise anhlat se BOV fuds mmori aboaralg aT
sminos hw ESits Sarl sau ls olhhan dma 3D magors 77
1W nibstatOctober 19, 1965 saow 00
-omT Tacitop 03 se leel oaenly oiastp ithip Yn svail Dlotla Sov 1
Mr. Terrance Reilly
ot Visoris
Men's Dormitory
Embry Riddle derowauncal INsnrote
Engheering institute
Daytona Beach, Florida A ceD.W
E plusbeo
Dear Terrance:
As a result of your phone call I checked further into the problem
concerning you and Rozam Hall.
As you well know, your status academically at Southern Missionary
College is very poor. I was not fully aware at the time I spoke with
you of your social standing. In checking, however, I find that
did receive several disciplinary letters regarding minor infractions. you
I find also that your relationships with Mr. & Mrs. Hall have been
anything but pleasant. It has been reported that on occasion
have threatened Mrs. Hall physically. In addition, you have you
a great deal of time in the nurses librazy on the Orlando campus spent
dressed in types of clothing which are not acceptable on the Southern
Missionary College campus.
As a result of these problems, Miss Hall's academic performance in
the mrsing program has been seriously affected. After a careful
study of the problem, we have come to the conclusion that it would
be best for you not to visit the Orlando campus of Southera Missionary
College. We believe that a continuation of the relationship between
you and Miss Hall would tend to complicate the matter to a point
it would become necessazy for us to ask her to withdraw from the where
nursing program. I am sure that neither you nor I would want to see
this happen. Since the relationship between you and her paxents are
not pleasant, and since her continuation in the aursing program is
presently under question, I would strongly urge you to break off
relationships with her at this time. This, of course, is a matter that
you must decide for yourself and one in which I can only give you
counsel.
