
--- Page 1 ---
Beliolver-ink-itonh ehenthy-bay Abhentist Church
BIXBY AT WALNUT
P. O. BOX 398
BELLFLOWER, CALIFORNIA
OFFICE OF THE PASTOR
November 8, 1961
Dean Wilbert Schneider
Southern Missionary College
S
Collegedale, Tennesses
3631 Marding
Dear Dean Schneider:
3eaeh Calil
/
dong
At the suggestion of Dr. Walter Specht of La Sierra College I am
writing to you. For some time now I have been intepested in getting into
the Bible department of one of our colleges. I had been waiting till my
wife dompleted her nurses training to make this matter publicly known. She
finished in August of this year.
Elder Sandefur, our conference president, tells me that Dr. Landeen has
contacted him for permission to invite me to temporarily fill in this year
in some of the classes vacated by Elder Wilbur Alexander, who suddenly accepted
a call to the White Memorial Church. Just yesterday I got a call from
the new principal of the new Rio Linda Academy being built near Healdsburg,
California. He wants me to be campus pastor and teach upper grade Bible,
Senior Problems, and Speech. While I am tempted by this offer in this
lovely million dollar school, yet my real urge is to teach in the college
area, particular in classes where there are ministers in the making.
As a graduation thesis I wrote a study of "Successful Met thods of Adventist
Past tors in The North American Division." This rather exhaustive thesis was
some eight months in production and involved interyiews, correspondence, and
group buzz sessions with past tors across America and on both coasts. Dr. Dick,
Dr. Weniger, and Elder R.A. Anderson all urged me to rewrite this thesis as
a book. I am currently at the task and hope to finish soon. I feel my
background both in experience and study would fit me in a unique way to the
class room. I would particularly enjoy teaching Bible (any area), Homiletics,
Public Speaking, Evangelism, and if such is offered a course in Church
Leadership.
I have had both large and small evangelistic efforts in tents, clubs,
halls, and churches. I have worked under Detamore and Vandeman. I have
been a pas toral-evangeliot for 172 years in churches of small district size
to 400 members. I currently conduct a teaching type program. I teach &
weekly doctrines class for non-members. I teach in a series at prayer meeting
in some Bible area. I usually preach in a series on some area of the Bible
or topical series
I am used to blackboards, black light charts, slides,
and other visual aids. I think that the class room would be a natural for me .
I learned that Elder Reeves ia looking this way to move near his sons.
I don't know if he'd be interested in a trade or if such would be mutually
acceptable to you or our conference, but I thought I might just mention it.

--- Page 2 ---
-2-
I have a church of nearly 400 members tha t is all new and very well appointed.
It is jus t one hour from his son in Loma Linda. A picture is inclosed.
Regardless of the above possibility I would like to be among those
on your files for any vacancy that might develop. Some months ago I wrote
to your president. I never received any reply so am taking this opportunity
to write to you in hopes to hear from you regardless of whether-or-not an
opening might be available just now.
May I suggest you contact Dr. Earl Mc Ghee in near-by Dalton as a reference.
He is a friend of mine. I married he and his wife. Also I would suggest
our Union President, R.R. Bietz (Box 146, Glendale 5, Calif.) or our
conference evangelist, A.O Sage (Box 537, Lynwood, Calif.).
Inclosed with this letter is a data sheet listing my experience and
school experience. I should have about 20 semester hours beyond the M.A.
by the end of this school year. I hope to go on and get the B.D.
Sincerely your brother,
 Y B Kheden
John D. Rhodes
P.S. I have an appointment with Dr. Richard Hammil at La. Sierra for Nov. 26th.
He then could be contacted about me.
