
--- Page 1 ---
S
(hinno) lumlsts .M.3 zelpod
aaer  isirides
srorlgiss zio nz beninigte I ak
Insb aJ JoV To3 sur Muow I solssareiwnes aebruary 4, 1965: sils daiw
15 essor legadis ei blsil blunlna evsil Tiw HO bnsn. B 025
ov meBEI s enssate tol vissamixoinge
matdve
Doctor R. M. Ritland isnipeuroo 8SSB sds 303 rensgosg boahs B svan L aw
Andrews University
Jdlsaot ES goa B DON mat igangoki Salad sritoe! s esnloesoge 3154
Berrien Springs. Michigan r
bas ageroomin bliseo s 1801
50
eaudidalb
bantupan Sor siguorsla baselaomgs
Dear Doctor Ritland:
S omn o4 1a om sal niagA
to talk with you recently e on the phone regarding fsirtae Jeit sdos
It was a pleasure
College. We are very pleased 03 brarok
our lecture serles at Southem Missionary
a Our plans are
that you have consènted to take part in the program. to be presented at the chapeis
going forward very nicely for the lectures
on March 2, 4, 9, and 11.
curious. Our students are
Students, the world over, are manifest intellectually an interest in various aspects of
no expeption and continually Advéntists, IE is our feeling that questions
our beliefs as Seventh-day of the Bible need explanstion from the stand-
relating to the authenticity
point of theology, archeology, and geology.
this current lecture series to include
In light of this we are planning order: Blder Cottrell, March 2; Dr. Horn,
four speakers in the following 9; and Dr. Heppenstall, March 11.
March 4; Dr. Ritland, March
for you to remain on campus as long as possible
I hope it will be possible
and other groups of interested students on
in order to meet with classes
schedule is a busy one but any
a more informal basis. I know your the actual chapel address will
additional time you can give us beyond
be greatly appreciated.
we will pay transportation from
As I mentioned on the telephone, Missionary College and back by air
Andzews University to Southern South Bend to Chattanooga is fairly
coach. Plane service from
from you zelative to plans, we will
satisfactory. As soon as I hear women's residence hall for you. Since
reserve a guest room in the of Andrews University, I trust you will
three of you are on the carpus collaborate on the series. Ithink as much
have the opportunity to would add greatly to the impact and value of
coordination as possible
this series.
