
--- Page 1 ---
November 9, 1959
Eldes S. N. Rittenhouse
11022 San Bernardino Street
Loma Linda, California
Dear Fider Rittenhouse:
Thank you so much for your letter of a few days ago. I shall be glad
to place the information before the faculty and students so that if
they are interested they can take advantage of the offer. There seems
to be quite an interest these days in foreign travel, and if
still holds another summer, which appears quite a good
peace
at the present moment, then Amesican travei to Burope will possibility be the
heaviest in history.
You spoke about not getting reports from Boston these days.
I am sure the reason for this is that everybody is so busy that We11, no
one seems to have time to write. From what Mrs. Shankel tells me
concerning their program it really is a hectic one, and hers isn't
much better. She spends part of the time with me and part of the
time up there helping to get the programs ready for the New York
Center. With all theiz work in Boston they are also trying to
provide music in the New York Center.
Virginia Gene has a program such as she has never had before. It is
true that the New England Conservatory sade her a good offer, especially
financially speaking. When she announced to Boston University that
she planned to enroll at the New England Conservatory they called a
committee within an hour and made some of the concessions she had
asked for. Their original offer had seemed 50 completely senseless
to her that she Just wasn't willing to take it. They hurriedly net
and decided they better accept some of her work from Juilliard
and Columbia. The head of the school of music, Woiffers, saw in her
a valuable asset to help carry the burden of his work, so she is
taking some of the best students in the graduate school as we1l as
teaching a class or two and at the same time makes all the auditions
for the peopie from the university who are to appear on the radio
program. This is of course in addition to her own heavy program of
work, and she is looking forward to the completion of her master's
in music performance in the spring. Actually they are counting on
her to go on to her doctorate. In other words, they are counting
on big things from her. In fact, she is having an audition this week
to play with the Boston Symphony and of course in their mind they
would like to see her go on and have told her that within a couple
of years she would be billed at the very top as one of the leading
artists. But Harvey is inclined very strongly to go to the mission
and of,
Virginia agrees with him in that. They are
Geg-ang FCEKSE way at present although there is nothing
sort
definite.
