
--- Page 1 ---
/
April 9, 1962
Mr. Bill Robinson, Manager
Book and Bible House
Southeastern California Conference
Box 7584
Arlington, California
Dear Brother Robinsons
We were pleased to have your conference president, Elder John
Osborn, visit our campus and of course it was a Special privi-
lege to have hin in our home inasmuch as we had made our
acquaintance some years ago.
While on our campus, Elder Osborn intervieved several of our
business students who will be graduating this spring. We
understand that you are in need of an assistant in the Book
and Bible House. Elder Oshorn interviewed the following
individuals: Glenn Fuller, Robert Hanson, James Culpepper,
Wesley Paul, and Ronald Pickel. I understand that Wesley Paul
wrote to you carlier in regard to a job.
A1l of these young men are very fine Christian gentlemen. I
believe that Glenn Fuller has his heart set on government work
and I have learned that Robert Hanson will be joining with an
Adventist accounting firm here in Tennessee until he is able to
secure his C.P.A. credentials. James Culpepper is a fine young
man whom you would appreciate very much. His grade point average
is nothing spectacular but he is perhaps more capable than his
grades would indicate. He has served as treasurer of the Student
Association and did a very good job in tying the financ fal aspects
of the organization together. Wesley Paul is a fine Christian
gentleman who comes to us from British Columbia. He and his wife
are both from the northwest and would like to return to the west
following graduation. Their first choice, of course, would be
to serve somewhere in the northwest but they would not be adverse
to serving in your area. Wesley Paul is a steady individual who
will keep his hand on the plow. Mr. Ronald Pickel is very anxious
to serve the denomination and would be delighted to rece ive an
invitation from your conference. Ronald is a very courteous
individual with excellent public relations. You will find him
cheerful and most cooperative in all respects. I believe you
would learn to appreciate Ronald and he would, of course, be
excellent in terms of sales also.
