
--- Page 1 ---
&
DORI I sedeno (b3anO) mos ist.a
raomiss Ssz sqa00a-o3 blb ew sads womi a October 11, 1964 vos
sris Dahm onashogpes sn vsV B harl siomu -TADV alds Jonlos est
af sedm aitt agmso otmt mG So siqas S n Eabo somm
Mrs. Bert Roblyer 1ei bansin I Tna uinsbsoA riegalt Smuck 15 alrlg Jo IEESB wa as
S64 180
lgal s bns oigosg Buay als V 57a bevissas lew a ede
aymont, Aesignippé zE 5h0 ni Ho bessdmemes oval owr Jarle 107 eugeaI
Dear Mrs. Roblyer: al bne wabass a ni ai Dredol Jab oml o1 vega s eW aomt
carac dlooi 1fur 9W nolsaguns goflon airi aunbnen 01 gninmalts
I am sure you must think that I have aveb shown peodt lo o alebsgelloo 38 sat ndd Bnieen
very little appreciation of your
thoughtfulness and kindness in filling me. in onthe details of Robert's
death. To be perfectly truthful, I have beenat a loss to know just how, d3 Joy r I
to respond to your kind letter of May 25. Ihave read the letter
smeE ssels
several times and each time I am more deeply impressed with the through, fact asi Bnaov
that Robert's life was such that we can be assured of seeing him
earth made new. It is awfully hard for us to understand the xeason lagheia for bob VaN
such a tragedy, but we know that, God, in His all knowing kindness and
love for us can see the end from the beginning and knows what is best
far each one.
I certainly appreciate the very kind remarks you made in your letter
regarding our program and teachers here at Southem Missionary
College. As you know, I thought a great deal of Robert and could see
the tremendous potential that he had for leadership and success. Iso
well remember the time that he came in and told me that he was
-
to dropcollege and how we talked about the need for workers in the planning cause
of God. I felt at that time that his personal feelings differed a great deal
from those of Nancy Fail. To be perfectly frank, I think that he was under
some pressure but I always admired him for staying by the program even
though she decided to drop out. As you know, she is back in school this
year and from all appearances so far, is doing well.
In accordance with your request, I am returning the copy of the letter
that Bob had written to his Aunt Louise and Uncle Don. Certainly this
is a wonderful letter and a sincere expression of his deep interest in
things df a spiritual nature. I know you will always treasure this fine
letter.
