
--- Page 1 ---
S
Daer E1 Vet
(bareo) Hos..Hsebs
rsad nolalv sidoiso I6 ai daiis egoi W
9 iaios
S9 Ssen aone Ein a 79ps0 domm ob h e July 15. 1964 oinebens
el ad 03 ns ysir Jasd ai ob 00 boi svcit easriosss airi SvsifedT
Blder H. F. Roll
P.0. Box 1313
Orlando, Florida
Dear Elder Roll:
I am very sorry I have not had an opportunity to answer your letter of
June 29 sooner but I have had to get in touch with some of Gene's teachers
concerning the questions you asked in your letter.
I believe the problem with Gene's Chemistry grade is now settled. I
understand that he has sattsfactorily completed his work and has received
a grade. I doubt that his dolng any additional lab work elsewhere would
make any difference in the grade anyway.
In checking with Miss Lindherg I find that Gene had excessive absences
from her class prior to his suspension. He also had a large number of
themes out which were not turned in. His total percentage in the class
was only 36 per cent which, of course, would not be a passing grade anyway.
Now I am not able to give you further information at this time in regard to
the Teachings of Jesus class. Elder Robert Francis is at Andrews University
for the summer. Consequently, we have not been able to get a copy of the
Teachings of Jesus test. When Elder Francis returns to the campus, I will
ask him to give us a copy 6f this test and we will give Gene the opportunity
of taking the test should he desire to do so. I think he has the syllabus and
all the materials of the class and could study on this during the summer
and probably would be able to pass the test satisfactorily. Of course I
do not know what his attendance record is in this class. Should he have
had a large number of excessive absences ashe didin Freshman English
prior to his suspension, he might not be able to qualify. for a grade in this
class eirher.
Personally I feel that Gene is very fortunate to be able to salvage as much
of his class work here as he has due to, his extremely poor scholastic and
K Ehon egongs SAS sà TATSE dnserrou bpesee ToeT 1rss p COEISCE aus
ecos Te mgs on   ssapo
Ruge AAC1S po PSST ecnaà GSTe4 15 brgoz Eo Pa anabeusyos 07 PA ps
IgopersAe me COuGEss psiG pSGH SR Esp 5e bceerppe P RrAg& pur 5
sCgatycsIA ag ehnpaap) ung go monop porte P HR 1ao geNE Aeus
BOCBI soc0ra I eguccter pobe Eper pe AIT CSEcP 8 AEB/GN popp
E9G - BoT (comg)
Ipà 12 Taos
3
