
--- Page 1 ---
FLORIDA CONFERENCE OF SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTISTS
616 E. ROLLINS AVENUE . o. BOX 1313 ORLANDO, FLORIDA, 32802 TELEPHONE 241-6577
Office of the Secretary-Treasurer
June 29, 1964
Dr. J. W. Cassell
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Cassell:
Gene received the grade report t from Southern Missionary College;
and in this connection, could I ask you to supply me some fur-
ther information.
Since the Chemistry was the only one of the subjects on W hich
it would appear there would be any advan tage in writing the
final test, would you advise us if there is any need for him
to give any consideration whatsoever to writing the tests on
the other subjects.
Gene personally is of the opinion that he had a reasonably
satisfactory record on Teachings of Jesus and General Chemis-
try but, apparently, was not too surprised at the marks that
were shown on the final grade card for the other subjects.
May I also ask you to check into one other item in connection
with Chemistry. There were certain portions of Gene's labor-
atory work which he could not complei te due to the suddenness
of his departure; and if there were some arrangement whereby
this could be done in a laboratory elsewhere and thus improve
the possibility of a more acceptable grade in Chemistry, I am
sure both he and I would appreciate consideration of this kind
being given.
We look forward to your reply as soon as you have time to give
these points some consideration.
Sincerely yours,
H. F. Roll
867
Secretary- Treasurer
HFR/mh

--- Page 2 ---
Dr. J. W. Cassell
June 29, 1964
Page Two
P. S. In regard to Gene 's Freshman English, he has mentioned
to me that his Eng lish teacher had informed him that there
would be a percentage reduct tion for each day he missed after
his suspension in connection wi th daily work; but, naturally,
this could not be accomplished since he could not attend
class.
It occurs to me in this connection that even had he attained
a "C" avera age in English, which neither he nor I know for
certain would be the case, that it would likely be impos sible
for this average to be maintained if this deduction were made
in connection with any daily work he was unable to accomplish
and on which the teacher, apparently, was unwilling to assist
in any respect by even telling him what daily work to do and
send in.
Please look into this for us and let know what the status of
it really may be. Thank you kindly.
H. F. Roll
