
--- Page 1 ---
-
SOUTHERN MISSIONARY COLLEGB
Collegedale, Tennessee
June 4, 1958
N
President P. G. Miller
Southeast Asia Union College
401 Upper Serangoon Road
Singapore 13
Dear Brother Miller:
The registrar has handed to me your letter of May 25 for
a reply regarding the acceptance of Malay or Chinese to
satisfy the language requirement of a student securing
a degree at Southern Missionary College.
Currentiy we are following the practice of accepting any
well-recognised language, such as Malay oz Chinese, as
satisfying our language requirement here if they have had
the language on a college level. In other words, for most
students, at least coming from foreign countriés, English
becomes their foreign language to study at this college.
Of course students coming from your college ordinarily
would have a good knowledge of English, so this would not
present any difficulty to them.
The one department in which this would not be true would
of course be that of religion, for we do require that
Greek be offered as à language requirement for ministerial
graduates.
Hoping that this wi1l answer your questions satisfactorily,
I am
Very sincerely yours,
G. E. Shankel
Dean
ja

--- Page 2 ---
TALEPIONE-89.29a Ex 6
MALAYAN UNION SEMINARY
401 UPPER SERANGOON ROAD
SINGAPORE 13
May 25, 19:
Office of the Registrar
58
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, TENNESSEE,
U. S. A.
Dear Registrar:
I would like to receive an official statement from your office ha
to the following questions:
Ax garR
1. If a student were to transfer his college work from Southeast Asia
T
Union College (formerly Malayan Union Seminary) would credit in Malay or Chinese
be apcepted as meeting the modern languages requirement in certain departments?
2. In what departments would Malay or Chinese satisfy the modern
languages requirement?
3. In what departments would languages other than Malay or Chinese
have to be offered and what languages are specified as acceptable?
Since Chinese and Malay are almost a must as far as this part of the
world field is concerned, we are anxious to have our college students take
instruction in these languages if at all possible. Your prompt decisions on the
above questions will be appreciated.
ASIA UNION CJ
EN No. 401
Singerely gours,
Upper Serangoon
hilor
Road,
SINGAFORE
P.G.Miller, President
A SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTIST INSTITUTION
