
--- Page 1 ---
N
January 16, 1962
C
President John Osborne
Southeastern California Conference
P. 0, Box 7584
Arlington, California
Dear John:
I am not acquainted with your educational secretary for
the conference and, therefore, wish to request that you transmit
the following information to the personnel concerned with your
elementary teacher program in the conference.
A young lady by the name of 01lie Mae Metts wi1l be graduating
this spring with a major in elementary education. Soon she
will be marrying a young man, namely, Mr. Stanley Giles who
wi1l be entering medicine at Loma Linda this fa1i, and she
is interested in securing a teaching job on the elementary
level either in Loma Linda or in one of the nearby cities.
Miss Metts is one of the most likeable young ladies I have
met in terms of a suitable personality for teaching in the
grades. She is always exuberant, happy, and emanates a
wonderful Christian spirit. We, of course, wish it were
possible to retain her in this area but this is impossible
inasmuch as she wi1l accompany her husband westward.
It may be that you wish to shuttle this information to those
interested in elementary education on the Loma Linda campus.
In any event we here at Southern Missionary College are very
enthusiastic about this lady and we know that she will be one
of your best teachers should she find employment in your
school system. Blder Knipschild of the Southern California
Conference would very much appreciate her services but
obviously 01lie Mae wishes to stay with her husband in the
Loma Linda area.
Ardith and I have been keeping up with your movements and
of course we knosr that you are not only enjoying your work

--- Page 2 ---
OIDE
OF
TELEPHONE OVERLAND 9-1350
SOUTHEASTERN CALIFORNIA CONFERENCE
Jecentl-day Adventist
9707 MAGNOLIA AVENUE, ARLINGTON, CALIFORNIA e MAILING ADDRESS P.0. BOX 7584
January 22, 1962
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
Southern Missionary Colle ge
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Wilbert:
I am referring your letter to Elder Chrisman, our
Educational Secretary. There is a possibility that he may
be able to use the services of this young lady as an elemen-
tary school teacher. As you sO well know, there is a lack of
good church school teachers. We are always happy to secure
good leads in this direction.
The other day I attended the funeral of N. R. Nelson
at the Loma Linda University Church. I had the opportunity
of briefly chatting with Alma, Daisy and Es the r. They still
have the same winning personalities as eve: r.
While the duties in this field do not give me too much
time for social opportunities it is nice to have old friends near
by such as these.
A few weeks ago Marion and I spent a pleasant evening
with the three girls. It flooded our minds with pleasant fellow-
ship at Walla Walla.
I am looking forward to seeing you at General Confer-
ence time. Marion joins me in sending our warmest personal
greetings to you and Ardith.
Most cordially yours,
John W. Osborn
President
JWO:b
