
--- Page 1 ---
March 27, 1962
Doctor L. M. Stump, Principal
San Pasqual Academy
Route 1, Box 890
Escondido, California
Dear Doctor Stump:
Your letter to Doctor Rees regarding the need of a librarian
was referred to me for consideration.
We have an excellent suggestion if you have a need of a married
team. Obviously a young lady does not wish to move ahead of her
husband but should you have a need of a good language instructor,
it may be possible for us to assist you.
In our senior class brochure which was mailed to you earlier, you
wi1l note the names of Paul Howard Bolden and Joan Kistler Holden.
Paul is a linguist and can teach several languages including
Spanish and German. I believe he would be able to handle the
Prench aiso. In addition Paul would be able to carry some English
classes or Bible classes as you may note. Presently he is assist-
ing us in the supervision of our Language Laboratory.
Mrs. Holden has taken library work and is presently working for
us in the library. She has been employed in the library for the
past several years. Mrs. Holden is a very tallented woman and
wou Id do very well as librarian for your school.
You will observe that her first choice is that of a homemaker
inasmuch as she has two littie twin boys. She would not be
adverse to working part time and this may be to your advantage.
Should you wish this team, it would be necessary to get in touch
with them immediately. Mr. Holden is anxious to proceed with
graduate work and his choice of a school will depend on the privi-
lege accorded by that school in terms of graduate training. Our
eleventh gra ade academy in the city of Denver is calling for his
services but to date he has not committed himself.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
g1
Academic Dean

--- Page 2 ---
San Pasqual Academy
The school emphasizing eternal values
Telephone SHerwood SHerwood 5-1955 5-9055
Route I, Box 890
ESCONDIDO, CALIFORNIA
March 21, 1962
Dr. C. N. Rees
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Rees:
We are in need of a librarian,
Do you have any students graduating this year who have
taken work in library science that you would recommend
for an academy librarian?
Sincerely yours,
1
L. M. Stump, Principal
mj
