
--- Page 1 ---
February 22, 1961
Dr. George Shanke1
Andrews University
Berrien Springs, Michigan
Dear Doctor Shankel:
There is a matter which should come to the attention of the Academic
Policies Committee pertaining to the credits earned by Stanley Showalter
during his last year here in residence on this campus. Doctor Watrous
spoke to me about this matter this morning, and I agreed to write you in
order that we may have before us a complete picture of the problem as it
existed last year.
It is our understanding that Mr. Stanley Showalter was advised by you
to remain in bed after having experienced Some type of ailment while running
to a fire. There apparantiy was some speculation pertaining to his health.
I believe he was hospitalized for tubercular studies.
We assume he acted in good faith upon your recommendation to remain
in bed, and this accounted for his excessive absences in various classes.
Inall classes tRS he permitted a grade with the exception of the class
in History of the South taken from Doctor Watrous. In this instance the
Policies Committee voted that Stanley must sacrifice his grades due to
excessive absences. It may be that you had certaia pressures confronting
you; however, in the name of consistency, he either should have been pes rmitted
credit in the History of the South or refused credit also in the other classes.
If Stanley acted in good faith on a suggestion that he absent himself from
classes for convalescence, we should, of course, not deny him the privilege
of securing grades in a1l the classes.
We wouid appreciate a letéer of information from you in regard to this
problem. Perhpps you will be able to shed light on the problem which we do
not know about at this time.
I believe that Doctor Watrous would be willing to have this matter
come up again for further discussion with the hope that he may grant a "C"
grade as earned if there is no serious objection. Would you kindly give
us the benefit of your knowledge of this entire problem. Stanley, of course,
is anxious that your relationships be spared, but I see no reason why this
should affect anyone concerned. Stanley has not been pushing the matter, but
merely raised the question when he was here prior to the commencement of
your second semester.

--- Page 2 ---
Dr. George Shankel
2
February 22, 1961
Thank you kindly for your response. We will appreciate hearing from
you at your convenience.
Very sincerely yours,
Wi Ibert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
WMS: jt
