
--- Page 1 ---
-

May 4, 1962
-
Mr. Harry K. Shour
A
Assistant Business Manager
Emmanuel 1 Mssionary College
Berrien Springs, Michigan
Dear Brother Show:
We would be delighted to have you as guests aroud the first of
July when you will ber going through this part of the country on
your way to lorida. Please plan to stay with us even though
we have lovely guest facilities in the newr girl's dormitory. We
have ample room and our home is air-conditioned which will make
it possible for you to get some good rest. May I suggest, however,
that instèad of staying just one night, you plan to stay two nights
or more which wi1l make it possible for you to look around the
campus a bit. You may even wish to take in sonme of the historic
and seenic places in the Chattanooga area. I believe it would be
very educational for a11 of you to take in the Chickamauga Battle
Pield and the entire eREaAVyEA CIvil War.
Let us know when you wi1l be arriving and we shail certainiy be
happy to visit with you at length. Since the time will be prior
to the General Conference Session, I am sure that we will be
here preparing for the fa1l semester.
Thanks for forwarding the letter. The $300 check for Mr. Jim
Tucker wi1l be very much appreciated.
We have had an excellent year here and our applications are
coming in fast for next year. We simply wi1l not have room to
house a1l the young ladies applying even with our new dormitory.
The marginal ones are being turned away. It looks as if this
process will have to be followed in most of ouE colleges.
Please give our regazds to the Garbers, Beaty, and others who may
still consider us as friends.
Very cordially yours,
Wilbert M. Schmeider
Academic Dean
g1

--- Page 2 ---
a
--
mmanuel Missionary
ollege
HU
Berrien Springs, Michigan
WITH THE CAMPUS BEAUTIFUL
April 27, 1962
Dr. Wilbur Schneider
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
De ar Dr. Schneider:
I am enclosing a letter which came here addressed to you. I
must apologize for opening it, but we are still getting quan-
tities of # junk" mail here which normally ends up in the
waste basket. For some reason I did open this one and found
the check which is enclosed.
We hope to have an opportunity to visit Southern Missionary
College this summer if all goes well in our planning. The
College Wood Products is closing down for the first two weeks
in July, and since it is a little 8 ol at that time to go
camping in Northern Michigan, we have decided to make a
trip to Florida. We became interested in shelling when we
were overseas and we have he ard that there are some good
beaches for shells in Florida. If we do carry through with
our plans I wonder if it would be possible for us to find
some guest accommodations on the campus of S.M.C. for_one
evening. Most likely it would be Sunday evening, July 1,
and if there is a possibility of staying on the campus, we
would know the definite date a little la ter.
We are having one of our best years this ye ar insofar as the
College is concerned, and if the applications continue to
come in as they are now, we should have an excellent enrollment
next fall. Naturally the problems of re-organi: zation are
creating many undercurrents but no doubt this will all be
worke d out eventually.
We will be looking forward to seeing you again.
Sincerely yours,
Harry Show
Assistent Business Manager
HKS/sg
FOUNDED 1874 AS BATTLE CREEK COLLEGE
