
--- Page 1 ---
September 17, 1962
Mrs. Brvin B. Stewart
5402 Eleventh Avenue, So.
St. Petersburg 7, Florida
Dear Mxs. Stewart:
We appreciate your inquiry regarding schola rship funds available
to freshmen students interested in music or dentistry- We note
with interest that your son wi1l be finishing his secondary program
at Shennandoah Valley Academy and perhaps we wi1l have the privilege
of having hin with us next year.
Although we have a few scholarship funds available to students, we
cannot suggest that freshmen would be eligible for these funds
umtil they will have had time to establish themsel lves on this
campus. Some of the funds are designated by the donor. We wish
we had more scholarship funds available but the best that we can
offer a freshmen student is our work program in the various
industries.
The various conferences do offer scholarships to students interested
in elementary teaching- We have several minor scholarship funds
which are awrarded to students who have been here for several years.
Southern Missionary College participates in the National Defense
Student Loan program wrhich makes it possible for a good student to
apply for the Government Loan to the extent of $500 a year. The
interest rate of three per cent is not applied until a year after
the student finishes school or quits, whichever the case may be.
The student has a ten-year period in which to repay the loan,
although the college is interested in retrieving the funds at an
earlier date in order to assist nther students. Also the Aluni
organization has some funds available for loan purposes. Usually
the loans are limited to $100 per student.
If we can assist you in anyway, let us hear from you again. We
hopethat your son will be interested in continuing his college
education on this campus.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M, Schneider
g1
Academic Dean

--- Page 2 ---
5408 Eleventh Avenue, So.
St. Pebersburg
Ploride
Septsuber 12, 1962
Prof. Willlam H. Schneider
Academic Dean
Southern Missionary Gollege
Collegedale, Tennesses
Dear Pref. Schneider,
We are interested to lcnow the scholaiships
availablo to our son who this Jepr is a
senior st Shenandoah Valles Academy.
Lusic Is his major Intersst, though he
has not definitely decided to najor in
msic in college. He Ceels he nay want
to balce up a profession and use his music
hs a hobby.
I would appraciato your sending me infor-
matlon regerding scholarships In bhe fields
of ausic and dentistry available to college
Treshmen. We would also lile informati on
as tor how to apply foj such scholarships.
Anj Information which you o an send us which
will be oi help to us in bhis matber w111
be sroatly apprsciated. We also would
appreciste your sending us a catalog snd
sn applioation blank.
Jours bruly,
fesn ewet
Mrsa Ervin B. Stewart
