
--- Page 1 ---
February 15, 1962
Mir. Ray H. Sewell
242 Newton Hall
Pacific Union Coldege
Angwin, California
Dear Mr. Sewell:
Your proposed research projects appear to be very interesting.
Perhaps those who do not live in the southland have the feeling
that t we have gathered together information on the subject of
segregation but this is not at a1l ther case.
While I was academic dean at Emmanuel Missionary College several
years ago. T had in my possession a11 the statements nade by
E1len G. Whi te regarding this matter. Although she did not
pomment a great deal on the subject, she did emphasize the
importance of staying away from interracial marriages.
A year ago Elder Paul Boynton, Bible teacher in our academy,
showed me a book written by Ellen G. White'on the subject of
the probiems in the southland and our relationship to these
problems. At that time I read excerpts of the book and found
the information exceedingly interesting. I do not know the
name of the book but I do know that it is no longer being
published. It was published many years ago and these copies
are very much at a premium. It may be that the White Estate
has such information. In an attempt to call Mr. Boynton, I
discovered that he is in a bospital approximately forty miles
from here having had surgery. Perhaps your library may have
the book but that is doubtful inasmuch as our colleges do not
have these early treasures written by Bllen G. White.
There are, of course, many books on the market in the field of
Sociology which touch on the question of racial relationships.
Having moved to the southland only two years ago, I find less
local education on the subject here than I did in the northland.
Most all the agitation is being done through organizations which
seem to have their headquarters elsevhere. It is also true that
I find very little comment pro or cen among the general run of
people. of ceurse it must be realized that integration has been
quietiy accomplished in approximately two thirds of the colleges
and universities in the southland. Some of these colleges are

--- Page 2 ---
Mr. RayMr. Ray H. Sewe1l (Cont'd)
2
tax supported and of course many are private.
Southern Missionary College is located in an area where the
Klu Klux Klan seems to be most active and it would be very
inappropriate for this college to move ahead- faster than the
community itself. I could mention some experiences which
we have had but that is not what you are looking for. I
would suggest that if at all possible, you should secure a
copy of the old publication referred to above. This would
give you some reai information pertaining to Mrs. White's
thinking on the subject. Sorry I have not been able to
help you more.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schmeider
Academic Dean
g1

--- Page 3 ---
sy
ITeMes *H Seu
3773
- RTodeours
nok ueu . ATogerpeury MOUM eut ReT
esBeld *uoTqeurojuy 703 ueo I OeUM MOUR eur A0T
esBetd uoTqeutojuy OIqBITBAB OABUI Aiuop nok JI
goefoad
yous e S e STuA JOJ uossed oua ST STVL uotqeonpa
ueotaoury Jo suoTqupunod uT esanoo 8 Surzez ure I
*PTp eUoRue JT goefqng STUIA
uo uoTAPIIOJur OABUI PInOM nok peanstJ I *OAET
nok A81M JO serdoo our pues essetd nok pInoM
oS JT pue goefqns ST47 uo Tetaegeu Sus SABUI
nok JT MOUSI 07 OXTT PInOM I "uoTqe30130s pue
SASTAUOAPV Reg-yqueAeS uo youseseu ewro S Burop ue I
:TS aeea
uues ferepe3OtIo0
egeItop RueuoyssTW ureyanos
2961 T *qey
JTTBD furmBuv
eBettop uotun OTJTOB d
TTSH LOqMON ztz
