
--- Page 1 ---
S
(adace) samrinsa tala salM
ons Tol oldo a Tosigeo pmsney vn or vd bowalvroint gnisd asw
idusonous isom ob bluos c elt  anoilaie slidu 20 dot
eloH noslost sris m su niot blio HOY u vagal saom sd bloow 019
81-S1 auguA May 6, 1963 syab wel ads ol ammra alits aco
Is ditlw Bnols sisso Bahd hoe ajood melacy asd po 38 03 amia lsT
0 Vob 8 bEsqe bloo oW7 RSB daris ni amls boog a "0l noylo 3354 aris
vosis aroiwelley mi oa
Miss Daisy Schluntz aseo silz bna gnlga alris Iulued ased aad arisaevr OnT
11170 Rosarita Drive amsea al bns nasa sd 03 efrevs Bi boo deul vigmis
Loma Linda, California el11 30 BSTeO si svotis 3y9 BU 03 3uo snilesqa al aH
Dear Daisy:nidesons iundr sairevonsr sd Dw teass aBb sged Viosoonte sW
auoyot n ed Hiw 1 oou snos biocw bou ord sa dolvr I 03e
Your letter awaited our return from Camp Cumby Gayas The senioriw bolasoso
class took their week end outing in the mountains of Carolina whereduib eal lo
the beauty istunsurpassed any where. The Georgla-Cumberland wasT oris e R
Conference has a camp there and we have had the privilege of going
there five times sincewe have been here. It is a beautiful site. In
fact, I am always impressed with the fact that I have been in no state
more beautiful than North Carolina.
After reading your letter, we feel likel suitors who have been spurned.
We had hoped that you would decide to come but I can personally under-
stand your problem. If all things settle down, there may still be a
chance in the future. We can understand that it is difficult for you to
uproot yourself for employment all the way across the continent. We
do not know what the future has in store for us but we shall be perfectly
satisfied to remain here awhile longer. Obviously we are westernini a
spirit but havèienjoyed our stay here as much as any where we have been.
We are perfectly content to follow the leadings of our Master. Many
changes are taking place at this time but we hope that they will not
effect our school here. I was interested to learn that Elder Huebach
is going to be at Loma Linda. He will certainly be an asset on that
campus. Also we believe that Rittenhouse will be going to Pacific
Union College. He would have preferred to remain at Berrien Springs
but the brethren apparently felt that a change would be good for the
school there. Iwouldn't be surprised to see Mr. Cleveland from AUC
go to Berrien Springs as Doctor Hammill's assistant.
We have heard reports that the students at Walla Walla College are
giving the administration great concern. It seems that the evil spirit
is hard at work and the job of keeping students placated is becoming
more impossible year by year. We heard yesterday that Percy Christian

--- Page 2 ---
Miss Daisy Schluntz (Contd)
2
was being interviewed by the new Kettering Hospital in Ohto for the
job as public relations man. This he could do most successfully,
We would be most happy if you could join us in the Jackson Hole
country this summer for the few days from about August 12-18.
Tell Elma to get on her western boots and bring Craig along with all
the rest of you for a good time in that area. We could spend a day or
so in Yellowstone also.
The weather has been beautiful this spring and the countryside is2 vaisa aaiM
simply lush. God is everywhere to be seen and it seems as though eos OTIII
He is speaking out to us even above the cares of Mfe. abmolliso nbni BmoJ
We sincerely hope that Esther will be recovering without traceablervalsd 700a
effects. I wish that the Lord would come soon. It will be a joyous
occasion when we can again fellowship together without the problemssl sucY
of life disturbing our serenity :e Please let us heax from you-and give oos saals
us all the news that you hear from the West Coastus bosasivensial ased els
aplcg do egellving ails bai evadi 3 basoaods qmso 3 aad sonereiroD
ni sls lisoned sl 31 - Cordially your friend,la aoml svis eseds
sas3a on ni ased aval Iaari 3541 ads dw besssigan BNwIs ns Ioni
mllaso oPI nais luiseed esor
borT zeed svail ori B308 Wilbert M. Schneider BY anibes IOA
alne Vilanogzog nas lsud sn Academic Deanow Bey Inils begod bal wW
5 sd Ths yarb orf uneob aa aorin Bp 33 maidong TUOV basss
gl
a EoV ot Snitis ei diisis basseshis nso eW osin as mi eanailo
oW Jnaniaos ei eeosos  eris s imsmypigns o3 lioauov jooqu
visaleg ed lisde 5W sud eu T02 87073 ai asri enu sris asdw voml Jon cb
al 1289 5B SV venoivdo segnol elwE szer aismss 03 bollaisea
need svari 07 srorh uns B8 dom as earl yae 710 botoliovari dud siige
naM TOSBER 70 lo agolbsal sd woliol a3 39300 Visolsg 978 oV7
3ou iv vous 3ns ogod Sw Jod smis alu de sonin anblas 513 aegnads
andsuH eba smib es 0s bedesyssn eswI ssrl Toaroa IUO soss
aasl ns seana 1D sd Minictso iw ek sbn Bmod 33 sd a gnios al
SROE os Batiog d iw setaurons 3s6s svalled SW oRIA augnso
egnizg2 nerres 13 niamoz 03 beroleng svari bivow H sgollo0 noinu
aihsol boos sd blsow sgado B set alel viansegge nozdiszd a 3ud
OUA mo bnolvop.M 598 01 bseiguua so s'abivow 1 - sis looraa
Snndalaas a'llimntal 102008 EB gniga nshse 03 08
a sgelloo allew ellol7 35 eiriebuga et 3sd9 a0zon basor svar 7
diiga Ive as aari 257503 1I 50s09 38548 cobenalatmbs ods galvis
subnoosd ai batoonig amnabua anigsant lo dol sis bns oN B bad ai
asisehso Vs1 ant vabatact baresi o 7897 yd 3S9V eldiesogm son
