
--- Page 1 ---
A
December 7, 1962
Mrs. Jean Stewart
5402 Eleventh Avenue, S.
St. Petersburg 7, Florida
Dear Mrs. Stewart:
We were pleased to receive your letter in which you make inquiry
regarding available scholarships to freshmen entering college. I
well remember an acquaintance by the name of Stewart with whom
I went to school at Keene, Texas. It will be a pleasure to renew
our acquaintanceship when you will be bringing your son to this
campus next year.
We are looking forward to serving your son, Rickie. I am sure
that he now is in a quandary to know which direction to go--whether
to take music as a major or continue with his plans to take dentistry.
Perhaps it would be best for Rickie to take certain basic science
classes. during his freshmen year while pursuing some work in the
field of music. This would make it possible for him to proceed in
either direction the second year without loss of college credits.
It is entirely possible for a student to seek admission to the Loma
Linda School of Dentistry following his third.year of college. Some
have even made it after two years of college if their scholastic
record was acceptable. In many instances, however, the student
completes his degree program before going to Loma Linda. He
will very much appreciate.the science department on our campus
with the excellent teaching staff that we have. Also the equipment
in this departme ent is outstanding. In the field of music we also are
well staffed.
The scholarships which Don Davidson referred to are available
only to those who purs sue work leading to occupational therapy or
physical therapy professions. It is true that a student interested
in such professions should apply for the scholarship funds from the
national organization prior to college admission or rather. at the
time that he seeks college admission. Also, there are scholarship
funds available for those going into the field of Osteopathy. These

--- Page 2 ---
Mrs. Jean Stewart (Contd)
2
funds, however, are not available until the student is ready to
enter the clinical or professional period of his training.
I know of no scholarship funds available to prospective musicians
or dentists except as may be available from private organizations.
The Elks Foundation has scholarship funds which are applied for
directly to the national association or rather the National Elks
Foundation. I will enclose an application blank as well as the
information, although it is dated March 1, 1960, I assume that
the same regulations remain in effect today. There is at least
no harm in seeking funds from this organization. We have a
number of books and brochures in our office pertaining to fellow-
ship awards, but most of these give evidence to the fact that the
graduate student is in a better position to secure such funds. The
merit schblarship program makes available many scholarships
each year. The high school principals administer this program and
it may be that Shennandoah Valley Academy has given the competitive
test for this purpose.
Southern Missionary College participates in the Government Loan
program which makes it possible for students to borrow funds if
they can prove a need. The interest rate of three per cent on such
loans does not take effect until a year after the student will have
completed his college program or quit school, whichever the case
may be. Should the student pursue graduate work or professional
training in dentiotry, let us say, the first payment date and also
the application of the interest rate is postponed until he has completed
his professional training. As a rule, we do not permit freshmen to
apply for these funds until after the first nine weeks period. If they
do satisfactory work in their classes, we will permit them to apply
for these funds. This- is an exccellent program in that the student or
the parent has a ten-year period in which to repay the loan.
After the student has been in college for a year or so, it is possible
for him to find some scholarship funds but they are not as plentiful
as loan funds noz as scholarship funds for graduate students. The
college has some scholarship funds but some of these funds have
been designated by the donors. We will be glad to work with your
son as best as we can, and I am suze there is some way to finance
his college education.
Thank you for writing and we hope that your son Rickie will be with
us next year. Let us hear from you again as you find time to write.
We are enclosing an application blank which will permit Rickie to
apply at an early date. We encourage applications to be in by the
close of the school year.
Very sincerely your S,
gl
Wilbert M. Schneider

--- Page 3 ---
5402 Eleventh Avenue, So.
St. Pe tersburg 7, Florida
December 3, 1962
Mr. Wilbert M. Schne ider
Academic Dean
Southern Missionary Colle ge
Colle, ge dale, Tennessee
Des ar Mr. Schne: ider,
This is a follow -up on my letter to you C oncerning scholarships.
My first letter was written after a conversation with Don Davidson,
who is at this time attending school at Loma Linda under a S cholarship
plan.
He S1 ugges s1 ted that I write to you for informat tion. He had at time 9
so he told me, a book C ontaining available scholarships from various
sources. He said that Rickie, being a freshman, would be more apt to
qualify than would S ome one like himself who had had S ome college already.
The book that he had contained only scholarships in his fie ld. He is
now taking phys: iotherapy under a scholarship he obtained. He informe d
me that there are many scholarships available from various S ources.
Rickie Sj pent the first three ye ars of his academy life at Little Creek,
ne: ar Knoxville. He is S pending his senior year at Shenandoah Valle y
Academy. He is quite talented in music, and accepted an invitation
to attend S.V.A. and be assistant choir director. Since he arrived, he
has also become student band director. He sings in the male quartet,
plays first trombone in the trombone trio, as well as in the brass
ensemble. He is M.V. song leader and teaches a Sabbath School class
as well as holding offices in the various musical organizations there .
He has ambitions to be a dentist, but he has had such a wonderful
opportunity to develop in the fieldduring his academic years, we are
now not sure whe ther or not he will conti inue with his music, or follow
his previous idea of becoming a dentist.
We W ould like very much for him to attend Southe rn Miss ionary College >
s: ince my husl band and I both attended there. (I believe I remember my
husband saying he attended Keene at the same time you did too.) Rickie
has said that he intends to take his colle ge work at S.M.C. However,
when he was given th is wonderful opportunity in the music department
at S.V.A., he says he will reserve judgment until after college d ay at
C.U.C.
It was difficult for him to decide to go to S.V.A. know: ing he
would miss college day at S.M.C. So, we are planning that he go to
S.M.C. next year.
We have anothe: r daughter who also is an academy senior this year, and
will be in college next year too. Therefore, we feel if they are going
to have the opportunitie s that we want for them, it will be necessary
that they have the help of a scholarship. If you can give me any infor-
mat: ion as to where I can ob ta in a list of scholarships available, I
would apprec iat te it.
Sincerely, yours,
