
--- Page 1 ---
S
March 21, 1963
Mr. Guy Stewart
Personnel Director
Hinsdale Sanitarium and Hospital
Hinsdale, Illinois
Dear Guy:
Of late we have been very much embarrassed over the incident
involving Jean Illick and the Hinsdale Sanitarium and Hospital. Jean
Illick and her mother stopped by on their way from your institution
to Florida. What they had to say about us was anything but kind.
It seems that while they were seeking admission for Jean at your
institution, an unauthorized member of your staff sought out the
confidential information which you had gathered in regard to Jean
Ilick and chose to present this information to Jean and her mother
by revealing it's source. We feel very badly about this inasmuch as
it reveals the unethical procedures of dealing with your sources of
information. Obviously this will cause a reluctance on our part to
give any form of information that may be desired.
It is true, of course, that no information was given you from any of
our administrative offices and the information that was given you by
Miss VanArsdale over the telephone was solicited perhaps in con-
firmation of previous unfavorable recommendations received. It is
not for us to evaluate this young lady in terms of her physical potential
inasmuch as she has been under the care of others. Such information
should be secured from the personnel of the hospital invoived.
It has been our assignment to deal confidentially with several individuals
of our student group who have sought médicalhelp of a very confidential
nature. As you well know, the degree of help is possible only if all
matters are held in high confidence. The personnel on our campus
responsible for this program have been most careful about this and to
have it now proclaimed that we have not held in confidence matters of
this kind would certainly jeopardize our relationship with students that

--- Page 2 ---
Mr. Guy Stewaxt (Contd)
2
need help. It would seem to me the part of wisdom for you to write
the mlicks to state frankly that no leakage occurred from those
responsible on this campus and that the information that was given
you was not of a professional nature and should not have been taken
to influence the case as far as health problems are concerned.
Such information should come to your directly from the institution
where treatment was administered. Of course we feel badly that an
unauthorized member of your staff would be 80 careless as to openly
reveal any form of information and it's source. I am sure that you,
too, can understand the danger of such a procedure. Informance will
be very reluctant to present any information xegarding potential
employees if information is handied 80 loosely.
We hope that you aze enjoying your work there and that the sanitarlum's
program is progressing nicely. Perhaps you have already learned that
our Colleglate School af Nursing zeceived national accreditation by the
N.L.N. last December including Public Health. This is a distinet honor
and we sincerely appreciate what the members of our mrsing staff have
done to build up the program. Both our students and teachers axe in
high spirits and we are especially pleased with recent test results
earned by our junior class. in all axeas the students stood well above
the national norm. Nothing succeeds like success.
Come see us when you can and we hope that spring has finally arrived
in your part of the country.
o
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
gl
ce: Miss Florence Culpan
