
--- Page 1 ---
Sunnydale Academy
Centralia, Missouri
March 21, 1961
De an Wilbert Schneider
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
De ar De an Schneider:
I hope things are progressing nicely at Southern Missionary
College and that no major problems have been encountered
this past year.
We still cherish the visit we had with you in our thoughts
and many times remember the beauty of the area in which
you live. Time has certainly flown since last October.
Dean Schneider, I rèmember the advice you gave me. At
the time I talked to you, you told me to write to Loma
Linda and see if they had an opening in the accounting
department where I could work under the supervision of
Ray Wagner, A CPA, and could possibly obtain the CPA
certificate by this me ans. He informs me that this would
be impossible unless I actually worked in a CPA office.
Here is what I propose to do: We plan on moving back to
California as soon as school is over for this year and I
plan on working at the White Memorial Hospital during the
afternoons while attending some University during the
morning. Could you give me some information about USC?
I have approximately a 2.3 average on my Masters' degree.
Is this enough to
in at a place of learning like USC?
I know I could do fet once I got accepted and started on
a doctoral program. I believe I would like either to start
work on a program in Business Administration or Economics.
I have taken the liberty of including your name on a
reference sheet that has been sent to Chico State College.
I would like to use any reference or recommendation that
you would give me as a stepping-stone to enter USC. Would
it be possible for me to take a few courses before applying

--- Page 2 ---
De an Schneider
-2-
March 21, 1961
for admission into the doctoral program? In this way, I
could evaluate myself and see where I stand as to my ability
to do further graduate work. Do not send Chico State College
a letter--I understand that they will supply you with a
form on which to evaluate my ability.
Mr. Perrin, the principal, wants me to stay on another year.
I can see no future in it. I would like to teach courses
wi th a 1ittle more "meat" in it and of a more challenging
nature.
What is the possibilities of my working toward this program
for a year or two and then one of our colleges taking me on
as an instruc tor. In this way I could stay in denominational
work cont tinuously. I am presently working on my thesis and
will have completed all requirements for the M.A. at the
end of the summer.
I will appreciate any information that you can send me
about the higher education that I plan and other information
that you think would be of value to me.
By the way, we made a hurried trip to College Place the
early part of December as my mother was seriously 111. She
died before we arrived. She had a series of strokes and
passed away very quickly. While there, I stopped in and
visited with Jake Mehling, De an Brown, Harold Burgin, and
President Christian.
Very sincerely,

Richard D. Murphy

--- Page 3 ---
March 23, 1961
Mr. Richard Murphy
Sunnydale Academy
Centralia, Missouri
Dear Richard:
your plans for the future are very interesting, and I am happy to learn
that you will be associated with the White Memorial Hospital, at least on a
part-time basis while you anticipate taking work at the University of Southern
California. First, let me say that I do not anticipate any difficulty for
you in terms of the doctorate program. With a 2.3 average on your Master's
work, you should have little difficulty in proceeding to the doctorate level.
It would be possible for you continue your education at the University
of Southern California or at U.C.L.A., but I believe U.S.C. would be closer
to the White Memorial, and it may be that you would 1ike to live in the
U.S.C. area.
The School of Business Administration at the University of Southern
California is we11 thought of, and their work is a credit to the community.
I would 1ike to urge you to follow through with this plan that you have in
mind.
It is always difficult to know what the needs will be one or two years
hence. It seems to me, however, that you should have little difficulty in
securing work with the denomination once you have attained the doctorate
degree. Keep in touch with the various schools, and we will all communicate
in terms of the needs for college teaching persomel.
I was sorry to learn of the death of your mother. As I reca1l, she was
not too strong even while we were in College Place. These things must happen
in this life, but we a1l look for a more cheerful existence in the life to come.
The work here at the College is. moving ahead without too many problems
involved, and we hope that the new girls" dormitory will be completed some
time in August. Perhaps it will be possible for us to see you in California
at the time of the next General Conference session. Until then, we wish you
the guidance from above which you wi1l needsin the next few years.
Very sincerely yours,
WMS:jt
Wilbert M Schneider
Academic Dean
