
--- Page 1 ---
May 14, 1961
Miss Doris Syme, Accountant
Newbury Park Academy
Newbury Park, California
Dear Doris:
Your letter of April 18 has been on my desk aaiting reply ever since its
arrival. Our books and materials are still scattered in several places, and
I have been searching for ma teriais on the program, "Producers on Parade."
Felt sure that these were still in my possession, but to date I have not
located anything. Sonehow I believe that these materiais are still around,
and if I locate then, I sha1l surely send them to you.
The news concerning Myrna Walker was most welcone. I wonder what her
plans are for the future. If you have any correspondence with her, would you
kindiy fee1 her out as to what she would 1ike to do in terms of the future.
Should she wish to get into a teaching program, some of us might be interested.
Then, aiso, she mnight be interested in taking over the office for one of our
colleges. I would be glad to know of her wishes.
Tennessee is most beautiful this time of year. The greenery on a1l the
hillsides le lush, and, of course, since we aze close to the Smoky Mountains,
it is a real treat to drive into that area. The summer is not 80 pleasant
here because of the high humidity, but it is not at a1l unbearable. At the
present time we are constructing a large new giris" dormitory. Last fell we
completed an addition to the science ha1l, giving those departments adequate
space and facilities. Presently plans aze being drawn for a shopping center
which will make it possible to remove the buildings housing our college store
and mercantiie, the post office, and the filling station from off our lower
campus. The entixe campus layout is being changed, and this should be one of
the most beautiful campuses of our colleges.
Newbury Park Academy has a lovely location, but I am sorry that 50 Dany
new housing developments are being sponsored in the area. This afways tales
away the beauty of the hillsides in that area.
A year from this summer the General Conference session will convene in
San Francisco. Perhaps it will be our privilege to see many of you at that
time. With events in the world shaping up as they aze, it. may be that we shalf
never have snother General Conference session.
Sorry I am not able to help you at this time with the matéeials concerning
the program, PProducers on Parade," but should I locate these materials, I shall
surely forward them to you immediately.
Very sincerely yours,
WMS:jt
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean

--- Page 2 ---
NEWBURM PARK ACADEMY
Post Office Box 77
BUSINESS OFFICE
NEWBURY PARK, CALIFORNIA
Phone: Thousand Oaks
HUdson 5-4601
April 18, 1961
Dr. W. M. Schneider
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Schneider:
You may be quite suprized to hear from me, but I
would like to get some information from you.
This coming school year we will be offering more
Business Subjects than we have in the past. NPA
has always offered Shorthand I, Bookkeeping, Typing
I and Typing JI. Four years ago General Business
was added as/ one semester course, the same as the
Bookkeeping. Next fall General Business and Book-
keeping will be both offered for a full unit. A
course in Business Machines and Notehand will both
be added.
To spark more interest in business subjects and to
promote business careers I would like to organize
a Business Club. Of course as soon as I think of a
Business Club I automatically think of "Producers
on Parade".
I was wondering if you still have any of the programs
which were given at WWC or helpful suggestions you can
give me in helping to get something started here.

--- Page 3 ---
It will be quite a different thing to work with
students on a high-school level, rather than the
college level, but I am sure their enthusiasm will
be as high as ours was.
I understand that Myrna Walker has received her CPA.
and is still located in Minneapolis. Lyman Miller
stops by about twice a year to check on our Worthington
Foods supply. Last time he was through he had Roger
with him. Roger is a district director for Remington
Rand in Kansas City.
Hope to hear from you soon. Give your fami ly my greetings.
Sincerely yours,
Doris Syme, Accountant
S
