
--- Page 1 ---
February 19, 1962
Mrs. Grady Sharp
P. 0. Box 1070
Birmingham 6, Alabama
Dear Mrs. Sharp:
We sincerely appreciate the financial assistance which you are
giving Jim Tucker. Jin has stuck by the program and I believe
he will be able to graduate this spring. In spite of the fin-
ancial problem which has beset him, we certainly give him credit
for the courage manifested in remaining by the program.
The schoo1 is assisting Jim in managing his financial affairs
temporarily. Thus far, he has been able to leep ahead of the
creditors since a complete review of his financial 1 status was
made last fa1l. Jin is a good boy and will male a good worker,
especially if he can 1ift the present burden of indebtedness.
The $200 will be very much appreciated by Jin and lie will write
you concerning the state of his finances.
You have asked about Lela Johann. We are as dismppointed as you
are in her failure to take hold of the progran here in a strong
way. I did not know Lela personally but I have endeavored to
gather a few facts which may interest you. In the first place,
Lela perhaps was discouraged because of the poor scholastic
record achieved for the first semester. Lela enrolled in eight
hours of college work in which she recèived two "p's"ands a "D"
for the fixst semester. It is hard to understand why she cou ld
not do bettex. For a time she was in the hospital because of a
back sprain but this should not have made her lose out to this
extent.
I an afraid that Lela's roommat te was of no help to her. Just
this week it has become necessary for us to recommend that her
roommat te leave also. Her involvement with some young men was
very serious and of course it makes us feel terrible when such
incidents occur. Lela's roommate is to be pitied. Although she
knows the truth and believes it, it serves as a sword in her side
inasmuch as she enjoys flirting with evil. Her roomate is a
very capabie young lady but because of her emotional imbalance,
she simply cannot stay away from trouble. I certainly do not
think that Lela was as involved as her roomate. As far as we
know, Lela gave us no trouble but with grades such as she had
earned and the problen of not thinking straight, she considered

--- Page 2 ---
Mrs. Grady Sharp (Cont'd)
a
it the part of wisdom to leave the institution. At no time was
Lela requested to leave or had she been recommended to leave. It
is true of course that her attitude has depreciated and I am
afraid that Lela needs to do some serious thinking.
Unbeknown to us Lela moved out of the dormitory and rented an
apartment with the thought of continuing her work at the bakery.
This would have been a very unwho! lesome arrangement in this
community. If Lela's mother had come to live with her in the
communi ty, the arrangement would have been satisfactory. When
she moved out, she had not yet dropped her class work and of
course she never did in a formal way.
I believe there was a small incident that occurred somet time ago
in regard to Lela's préssing iron. Pressing rooms with irons
are available on every floor of the dormitory. It is the policy
that if a young Indy brings an iron that she bring it to the desk
where it is placed uder lock and key as a matter of protection.
The giris are permitted to check their irons out at anytime if
they prefer to use then instead of those provided in the pressing
room, Twice I believe Lela was requested to bring her iron to the
desk but she did not dos Instead she put her iron in the trunk
room and when she got ready to leave, the iron seemed to have
vanished. Nowr I understand she is endeavoring to collect around
$12 for her iron. Obviously the college cannot be responsible
for such loses when other arrangements are established to avoid
the loss of property.
We have a lot of young people on this campus and it hurts us
deeply when some react in a contrary mamer. So much depends
on a student's attitude and willingness to work with the progrem.
I presume her attitude was framed somewhat by her academic failure
and also by her willingness to discover things to complain about.
The two roormates certainly were not good for each other. I hope,
Mrs. Sharp, that the batting average in the future can be better.
We certainly will do everything in our power to try to work with
these young people. During this past week I have given no less
than 12 to 14 hours a day to young people who have problems.
Yesterday I spent over three hours with a young man who had been
involved with Lela's roommate. Mrs. Sharp, it is sad to see how
cheaply some of the young people se1l out. There axe so many
young people confused and the driving urges within them play
havoc in their lives. Surely the Lord must come soon.
Sorry to have bothered you with so much teading. I would not
wish you to understand that our seal and faith has diminished.
The victories are numerous but we are always made sad when some
are met with defeat.
Very sincerely yours,
Wil 1bert M. Schneider
g1
Academic Dean
Enclosure

--- Page 3 ---
4001 5TH AVENUE NORTH
COORIE COMPANY
P. O. BOX 1070
BIRMINGHAM 6, ALABAMA
- -
"THE ristocrat OF COOKIES"
PHONE: wo 1-4627
Gress
February 14, 1962
Wilbert M. Schneider, Academic Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Professor Schneider,
Here is a cheek for $200.00 to be used for Jim Tucker. I would like to
hear from him or you as to the state of his finances I do intend to
help Jim but to what extent, I can't say for sure. I am helping s ome
others and I got word that one of them lost his job for no fault of
his and I may have to help more with him. Anyway I will sur e ly help
some and will do all I can.
I will look forward to hearing from one of you. .
I wish you would look into the Lela Johann si tuation and let me know
somet thing on it. I influenced her to go to school up there this year
and it seems that everyone I get to go up there leaves with a bad taste
in his mouth.. .
Sincerely,
Mew AKR
Mrso Grady Sharp
MCS: :m
a
DA
DZ
-
oved
-
4
ins ng
