
--- Page 1 ---
April 17, 1962
Mrs. Lillian Smith
4180 Four Lakes Avenue
Linden, Michigan
Dear Mrs. Smith:
Your letter to Doctor Ciyde Bushne1l in regard to your desire
to participate in the Mexico Language Pield School this summer
was referred to me for further consideration. We note with
interest that it will not be possible for you to take in the
entire eight weeks session and that you wish to audit classes
rather than take work for credit. We can understand this
arrangement and would be willing to work out a satisfactory
solution.
The total estimated expenses of $396icould be reduced by $136
leaving you a total to pay of $260. This prepresents half
tuition on six hours credit instead of eight hours credit.
When a student audits, we merely charge him for half the
amount ordinarily charged when courses are taken for credit.
Room and board could be reduced by fifty per cent leaving you
a total of $70 to pay. It would be difficult for us to reduce
the travel expense even though you plan to fly back prior to
the end of the session. Inasmuch as you wi1l be occupying a
place going, it would hardly be in order to ask for a reduction
inasmuch as we wi1l have to travel on a return trip with the
empty seat. I am sure you can understand that the $260 is not
excessive for a month in Mexico.
We will be pleased to receive your application and it may be
well for you to make reference to this letter when payment is
rendered. You will enjoy this experience very much and we
sincerely hope that the deck can be cleared for your, partici-
pation in the program.
By chance I wonder whether you are the Lillian Smith that lived
at Berrien Springs when I was academic dean of Emmantiel Missionary
College. If so, I wish to send my special greetings to you and
your good husband.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
g1
Açademic Dean
P.S. Please send your application
to Dr. Clyde Bushnell

--- Page 2 ---
"WOMEN OF THE BIBLE
"AMERICAN PORTRAITS"
SACRED DRAMA
GEMS HISTORICAL OF DRAMA
0
A
(Reverently Portrayed)
(In Costume)
INSPIRATIONAL
Do
PROGRAMS OF
"HUMOROUS
10
OUTSTANDING
CHARACTER
EXCELLENCE
SKETCHES"
7
Billian Shorne Omih
DEI
-
FLINT-7, MICHIGAN
M
hos A
M
802ahe
) a
Rp
595
April 8, 1962
1

Dr. C. G. Bushnell
Southern issionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Bushnell:
Your letter received April 5 with the informat: ion
concerni ing your Mexican summer Program. It is very interest-
ing and I wourd like to be a member of your party for the
rollowing reasons. It is church ( Adventist ) sponsored and
I would feel very much at h ome with you in a country where
a different language is spoken. Also I would like to gather
material for a few talks 1 am planning for the future.
A few years ago I had the pleasure of appearing at
y our college on one of your Saturday evening Lyceun Programs.
Elder Wittschiebe was there at the t ime. At present I am
teaching Spanish in our Blementary and High School in Linden,
iohigan. I am very interested in the Spanish language, culture,
and country of Mexico and would would like to spend S ome t ime
there. However, my time is limited to only four weeks.
May I have the privilege of join: ing your party for
that length of t ime? I do not wish to study for credit. I would
like to audit the clases while there. I would abide by all rules
of the program with the exception of leaving the group at the
end of four weel ks to fly back home.
I would join your group at the t ime of departure coming
from At lanta Georgia, where I will have been spending a few days
with my daughter and son-in-law Dr. W. P. Thompson, an Adventist
doctor a t present a professor of Pathology at Emory University.
If my request is granted kindly state the cost of the
four weeks program for me and any other requirements. If it is
satistactory I will fill out tnis application and send it along
with the required fee.
I received informa t i on sout the S. M. C. Summe. r program
from Mr. Chester Barger a friend or former student of yours.
fver)

--- Page 3 ---
Yes, your ad was in the hake Union Herald. Ii you havenft
been billed for,your ad by this time your will be-----that is one
of the very efficient phases of our work!!
Very sincerely.yours,
-
h Kclia
