
--- Page 1 ---
September 8, 1960
Miss Lucille Sears
c/o Walter Sears
Route 2
Bartlesville, Oklahoma
Dear Miss Sears:
We appreciate so much your interest in coming to Southern
Missionary College. However, the lateness of your application
made it virtually impossible for us to accept you for this
semester. Our ladies' home is filled to capacity with three
girls in most every room. In another year our new ladies"
dormitory will have been completed, and we shall have much
more room.
In visiting with you briefly by telephone, it appears
evident that you will have certain secondary deficiencies
for college entrance. We zequire a minimum of three units in
English; two units in a foreign languages two units in mai the-
matics, one of which must be algebra, two units in the na tural
science field if one desires to gradua te with the Bachel lor of Arts
degree, and two units of social science. If a student comes to
us deficient in the language, we, of course, require additional
language on the college level beyond that normally required
of students coming with two units of language taken on the
secondary level.
It would seem wise for you to take another unit in mat th and
one unit in physics or chemistry to qualify for college admis-
sion. Perhaps you would be able to se cure these units locally.
Of course, if you were situated near an academy, it would be
nice if this work could be completed in one of our schools.
Should you have an interest in joining our student body
for the second semester,swe would be pleased to have you complete
the enc losed application blank and return it to us at an early
date. At the same time you could request your high school to
send us a transcript of your secondary work.

--- Page 2 ---
Miss Lucille Sears
2
September 8, 1960
Let us hear fron you again, for we would like to have the
privilege of examining your secondary record which would give
us some basis for advising you in terms of your next move.
Cordially yours,
Wi lbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
WMS:jt
Enclosure
,

--- Page 3 ---
