
--- Page 1 ---
LOMA LINDA UNIVERSITY
LOMA LINDA
SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL THERAPY
CALIFORNIA
May 17, 1962
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Schneider:
Thank you for your letter of May 11th in
a list of our graduating students
which you have reque sted
of our school who might be interested or information about graduates
physical therapist that you have
in this position for a
mentioned.
to Physical therapists are in such demand that it
begin to fill the needs for them. Letters is almost impossible
my office requesting the same infarmation
continually pour into
that you have requested in your letter. about physical therapists
from our institutions. A number of the Many of these letters are
institutions come to this campus and visit administrators with
of our
number of other institutions extend
our classes. A
students who then come back to that financial help to senior
certain number of years while the institution and work for a
far as those graduates who have scholarship is amortized. As
school, I just don't know the name completed of
the ir training from our
at this time. We have included
any of them who are available
and I have checked those
a list of our graduating class
to you for this position. names whom I feel we could recommend
class have a pretty good idea However, the majority of our senior
going when they complete their by this time where they will be
November.
physical therapy internship in
Mr. Batchelor could write to those seniors
present his needs to them and perhaps he on this list and
interested in this position. We
may find someone who is
we can.
will be glad to help in any way
If in the future any of our graduates
available and if I feel that
inquire of us regarding
write you a letter and inform they are a desirable candidate I will positions
on to Mr. Batchelor.
you so that you can pass this information
FORMERLY KNOWN AS COLLEGE OF MEDICAL EVANGELISTS

--- Page 2 ---
- 2-
Wilbert M. Schneider
I am sorry that I have not been of more help to you at this
time. We graduate around 32 students each year and even
we had a graduating class doubled in size this still wouldn't if
make a dent in the demand for physical
There
as you know 32 schools of physical therapy therapists. in the United States are
and this acute demand for physical therapists is spread out
throughout all the United States.
Please let me know if there is anything further I can do to help.
Sinc erely yours,
Bissalbele
Ronald A. Hershey
Educational Director
RAH+jf
