
--- Page 1 ---
June 24, 1962
Mr. Larry Stephens
119 Terrace Road
Spartanburg, South Carolina
Dear Larry:
We appreciate your letter of June 18 and we wish we could
say that Faye Miller's application has been disposed of, but
as yet we have not received a transcript from Southwestern
Junior College. We hope this will arriver shortly.
Your interest in starting your master's program is understandable
and we hope that you will move forward without too much delay.
Your record here at the college is good and you should have no
difficulty getting into a graduate school. You wish, of course,
some information on fellowships and scholarships which may be
available for graduate study. The availability of Such depends
largely upon the program which you wish to pursue on the graduate
level. I note that you graduated here with a major in education
with areas in religion and mathematics. Perhaps you are thinking
of continuing your program in the field of education. At the
present time I know of no scholarships available in this field
other than the fellowships which are made available by the depart-
ments of the universities. If you will pursue a work in a content
field, we could of course be much more specific as to the avail-
ability of scholarship funds. Perhaps you could let me know of
your interest and I sha1l investigate this matter further.
Let us hear from you again and we welcome you to this campus at
anytime.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
g1

--- Page 2 ---
119 Terrace Road
Spartanburg, S.C.
June 18, 1962
Dear Dr. Schneider:
I hope this finds you well and the School advancing as befits God's
work.
Dr. Schneider, I'm writing this
two reasons: first as a recommend-
ation for Faye Miller and second, for want some information on fellow-
ships for work on a masters degree.
We have know Faye for several years and she has always been a hard worker.
Her dependability is accredited to by the fact that Oz ark Academy calld
her back after graduating from S.W.J.C. to be their matron. Morally I
have never heard of one instance to mar her record and certainly
during the time we were accolent she was above reproach.
Dr. Schneider, next summer I want to begin on my masters program.
Naturally I won' 't be able to afford this on my own so I will need help
Any information you might have on fellowships, scholarships, etc. -
will be greatly appreciated. It may be some conference would be willing
to aid in this, I don't know.
Thanks so much for your help.
Respectfylly,
dery
ca
Larry Stephens
