
--- Page 1 ---
-
7B
P.O.Box 2026
Collegedale, Tennessee,

December 12, 1961
Dean Wilbert Schneider,
Southern Missionary College,
Collegedale, Tennessee.
My dear Brother Schneider:
ACADEMIC RECORD:
In pur suance of our conversation a week ago, I am
passing on to you for your convenience my academic record over a period
of forty-three years, thinking that in case there might occur some va-
cancies or at least some subjects which you need to allocate to someone
during the next school year, or even t he next semester, you might have
this handy, provided, of cour: se, in the thinking of you brethren in
charge of our college, you deem me worthy of the privilege.
In view of my present program, I would be delighted to
take a class or two next semester should there occur a vacancy. My
work is not sO confining but that I could easily do this teaching in
addition to looking after my churches. Some day, I shall tell you why
this is.
I trust that you will not feel under any obligation to
find me teaching responsibilities, but I would promi se to do my best
to please, and I believe the cost to the College would be very low.
In fact, I now receive fat least in the opinion of the Social Security
Board) only forty dollars reckoned as salary. I could receive sixty
more. Bear that in mind: For the present, unless I am taken over en-
tirely for teaching by the College, that would be their only obliqation.
As I mentioned to you, I feel that my whole background in-
dicates educational instead of pastoral or evangelistic work. I feel
almost like the little urchin in the picture, It's a shame to take the
money, for the little I feel I can accomplish.
I thank you in advance if you feel you can use my services.
Your's sincerely
bundquést
hbl/1
P.S. Remember that if the Greek curriculum could be given me,
I believe I could do you good service, and that would be
almost as much as you might want me to shoulder
seven hour S.
I enjoy teaching history of any kind also, and Bible, of course.
Vale
H.B.L.
