
--- Page 1 ---
April 10, 1963
Mrs. Norbert G. Schopp
1150 Bayd Avenue, Apt. D-6
Baton Rouge, Louisians
Dear Sophia:
From all appearances the boys are back in school and all is quiet
on the academy front. We are glad that matters worked out
satisfactorily, Thanks for keeping in touch with me.
There is hardly a day passes but that some new problem arises.
We have recently concluded another problem involving some college
students, but out of it all students grow and many of them come
through in a wonderful manner. There are days when my job is
available at a very low price, but when I think of the association
with students and the necessity of working with them, Ifind myself
addicted to this type of work.
Come see us when you can. I am sure you will be here at the close
of the school year and we ought to get together at that time.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider S
Academic Dean
gl

--- Page 2 ---
Mr, Kennet th Stewart
-2-
1 April 1963
I have talked with the boys and explained to them what a hardship
this misbehavior places on me. You know, Mr. Stewart, from your long
experience wich young people and probably from your own personal experience,
that young people just don't realize what is involved and what press sure
parents and teachers are under.
I sincerely feel that a two week suspens: ion from school is much more
punishment to me than it is to the children and for that reason, I 88 ssking
you and the Faculty to consider me and try to find some means of social
punishment that I feel will have far more effect on the boys.
I received Richard's grades last week and was going to write to you
about them. It seems like I an always wrieing to you about Richard's
grades, but if you remember I wrote to you the last time and suggested that
if his grades did not cone up, that you iupose a Campus Sind on him, and if
at all possible, "controlled study periods". He adrits to "goofing" off on
his honework in Physics. He has two 6-week periods in which to pick up the
Physics grade and he has promised to do just that,
Mr. Stewart, once again, I am in your debt for all of your kindness
and consideration that you have shown co ne in my problems. I am sure that
I am not the only parent who comes to you with their problems, but you have
always given me the feeling that you have a personal interest in mine. Thank
you very much and I would appreciate anything that you can do to help me
keep the boys in an Adventist school under Christian influence - too many of
our young people are slipping out the "back door".
I chink that you will find that Richard and Dan will do everything in
their power to do the right ching, as they have brought home ragistration
form for me to fill out for attending Southern Missionary College in the fall.
May God bless you and give you the wisdom that is necessary in carrying
out your duties in guiding the young lives entrusted in your care.
Sincerely yours,
Mrs. Norbert G. Schopp
PS: Will you be kind enough to have your records changed to my correct
address in Baton Rouge, so that it may expedite our correspondence.

--- Page 3 ---
1150 Boyd Ave., Apt D-6
Baton Rouge, Louisiana
1 April 1963
Mr. Kenneth Stewart, Principal
Office of the Principal
Collegedale Academy
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Mr. Stewart:
Dua to the fact that Mr. Boynton's letter was addressed to me at
my address in New Orleans instead of Baton Rouge, I did not receive it
until Sunday, March 31.
As soon as the boys arrived home, they told me what they had done
and explained to me that they would have to remain out of school until
the Faculty had decided on what disciplinary action should be taken.
They were given to believe that the punishment might be two weeks sus-
pension fzom their school work. This was upsetting to me in view of the
fact that Richard's grades, as you know, do not warrant his missing one
single day of school. Dan's grades are average, but there again, two
weeks out of class will only serve to bring his grades down.
On the night of Thursday, March 28, I called Mr. Boynton and
objected to scholastic punishment for social misbehavior and he told me
that if I did not like it, I could very well withdraw the boys from
school.
Mr. Stevart, I an a fizm believer in my children obeying the rules
of the school and if they don't, I think they should be punished. I also
believe that the punishment should fit the crime. The boys are willing
to accept their punishment, as is evidenced by their letters of intent to
the Faculty. This was suggested by Dean Sayder, when I called and asked
him to look into this matter for me, as I was geteing no cooperation from
Mr. Boynton other than the fact that if I didn't like what w8s going on,
I could withdraw the boys from school. I do believe that that is just
what Satan would like. I am sure that he would much rather see as many
Adventist young people in public schools as possible.
I promised the Lord that if He opened a way for me financially and
touched mny husband's heart to consent to the boys attending an Adventist
school, that I would do all in my power to send them, The Lord has done
His part and I am, with my husband's help trying to do the right thing.

--- Page 4 ---
1150 Boyd Ave., Apt D-6
Baton Rouge, Louisiana
1 April 1963
Dean Wilbur Snyder
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Wilbur:
This morning I have written a letter to Mr. Stewart, a copy of
which I am enclosing for your information.
I cannot tell you how much I appreciate being able to talk with
you, in knowing that I had someone to turn to. I only hope that it
does not place you in an awkward position with Mr. Boynton or the
Faculty of the Academy. .
I had to let Dan return to Collegedale, as he had brought
Connie Pender home with him for vacation and I could not let the girl
return by herself. As it stands now, he will either stay with her
parents or go to Atlanta until we receive word about their return to
school. Richard has been in Atlanta visiting since Sunday. I thought
this would be advantageous, as they will be close to the school and will
be able to return quicker than being way down here.
I did not say in my letter to Mr. Stewart, but I wish he would
call me and charge it to my school account, to let me know the results
of the Faculty Meeting, and send a letter later, as this would also help
to expedite their return. I have already mailed his letter, so would
you be kind enough to suggest this to him for me.
My telephone number at work is Dickens 2-5681, Ext. 121 or at
home after 5:30 pm at 348-6631.
Thank you again Wilbur, and I am looking forward to seeing you and
your family at graduation. My husband will be with me at that time and
I would very much like for him to meet you folks.
Sincerely yours,
