
--- Page 1 ---
April 8, 1962
Mr. Duane Stier, Personnel 1 Director
Ace Drill Bushing Co., Inc.
5407 Fountain Avenue
Los Angeles 29, California
Dear Mr. Stier:
We appreciate your interest in our graduates and wi1l do a1l
we can to satisfy your needs.
Both Miss Sandra Vinson and Miss Martha Silver of whon you
have inquired have already committed themselves to Southern
California institutions. I believe Miss Silver wi1l be
working at the Glenda le Sanitarium and Hospital and Miss
Sandra Vinson at the Southern California Conference Office.
Both young ladies would have qualified for the positions
noted in your letter.
The: se are the only two ladies that could qualify, however,
we do have a fine group of young men graduating from the
field of Accommting and Business. Should you have need of
such personnel, please let us hear from you again and we shall
endeavor to place you in contact with some of these young men.
Very cordially yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
g1

--- Page 2 ---
too DnleDhng Ba Chhe
5407 FOUNTAIN AVENUE / LOS ANGELES 29, CALIFORNIA / HOLLYWOOD 9-8253
April 2, 1962
Dean of the College
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Sir:
Ace Drill Bushing Company has been active for many years
as a Seventh-Day Adventist owned firm which believes in
helping our youth. The progress and success of Ace from
time to time requires additional personnel. It is regard-
ing this matter that I write you today.
We are in need of filling two positions : one of secretary
and the other of credit and collections clerk. Two names
have been suggested to us as possible applicants; namely,
Miss Sandra Vinson and Miss Martha Silyer. I would ap-
preciate receiving your confidential opinion of their qual-
ifications, character, maturity and Christian attitudes.
We have two Southern Missionary College graduates, in ad-
dition to myself, in responsible positions within our or-
ganization, and are quite pleased with the quality. and
training of the youth thereof.
Your assistance in this matter will be greatly appreciated.
Cordially,
ACE DRILL BUSHING COMPANY, INC.
Lauce
222E
Duane Stier
Personnel Director
DS:1g
