
--- Page 1 ---
March 14, 1961
Miss Bima Sonnenberg
11170 Rosarita Drive
Loma Linda, California
Dear Elma:
Generally I let Ardith do a11 the writing, and I am somewhat reluctant to
bother you at this time, but inasmuch as you are involved in the public school
system in that area, you may be able to give us some assistance in locating a
young lady by the name of Ann Parish. This young lady graduated from AUC several
years ago and secured her Master's degree from the University of Arkansas, and
still later taught at the Walla Walla Academy. Her field is English, and I
understand that she is presently located in the Lona Linda area teaching in the
public school system, perhaps on the elementary level. If you would male several
telephone calls for us, and should you be able to locate her, we would certainly
appreciate word of her whereabouts and how we might contact her.
John's acceptance of the presidency of the Southeastern California Confes rence
did not come as a surprise, even though he did not wish to continue as president
of the New Jersey Conference. It wou id be a great thing if all of us could be
together there, but for now it must be this way. I am sure that John wi1l do an
excel 1lent job in his work as president of that field.
We had a wonderful time visiting old friends at EMC this past week. Ardith
will write you more about that later. Wish so much that we could run in and
see all of you at frequent intervals. Perhaps that, too, will be possible sometime
if the Lord delays His coming.
I understand that EMC has had a rather difficult time selecting a dean of
their graduate school. Seven or eight have turned it down, and perhaps for good
reason. The And rews University is not making great strides. Personally, I an
not convinced that we need twro universities, and it is my further conviction that
we sha1l never have two universities. The people at Emmanuel Missionary College
wish over and over again that this had never happened to them. The Seminary will,
of course, remain at EMC, inasmuch as they now have facilities in the form of
a Seminary building and apar rtments for married students. This, however, is about
as far as the University will go unless further interest is manifested on other
level Is. There are those, however, on the General Conference level who are pushing
Loma Linda with little or no interest in the Andrews University program. We shall
have to wait to see what will be developed in the future.
We 50 much enjoy your good letters as they come, and we hope that a1l of you
will continue to keep us posted on deve1 lopments as they accur on the West Coast.
Cordially your friend,
WMS:jt
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
