
--- Page 1 ---
November 19, 1962
Mr. Walter R. Situmeang
P. O. Box 401
Mount Berry. Georgia
Dear Mr. Situmeang:
I have been giving further study to your desire to come to a
Seventh-day Adventist college campus, but find it impossible
to make any suggestions at this time. Here at Southern
Missionary College we do not have fellowships or scholarships
available to students from other countries with the exception of
such that may be available to students who are sponsored by
the division from which they come. Under such circumstances
it is necessary for the student to work with the division office
to be sponsored under the bursary plan.
The work opportunities available on this campus are not
sufficient to provide the student with funds necessary to defray
all of his expenses. Most of our students work on a part-time
basis but it is still necessary for them to have a considerable
amount of money available in order to complete a year's edu-
cation.
Southern Missionary College has Government Loan funds available
to competent students but such funds cannot be made available to
students from other countries. I hardly know what else to suggest
at this time. Should you be able to locate someone to sponsor you
financially, it would of course be possible for us to consider your
application. In any event, I hope that it will be possible for you
to secure the necessary financial means which would enable you to
attend one of our Adventist colleges. Keep us posted with your
suggestions.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
gl

--- Page 2 ---
P. 0. Box 401
Mount Berry, Georgia
October 8, 1962
Mr. Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Mr. Schneider:
There is nothing I will appreciste moi re if you. would kindly
stop by in Berry College campus. Because your questions as
well as mine can be clarified instantly.
Your efforts on studying further of my problems and finding
a sponsor for me are showing me your great sincerety and kind-
ness. If it is God's will of me to enter Southern issionary
College, I promise to do my best not to disappoint you.
I am in a great hope of seeing you somtime in the future and
my grateful for all your attention and consideration.
Very sincerely yours,
ALES
auk-A
Walter R. Situme: an &
