
--- Page 1 ---
February 1, 1962
Mr. W. A. Sowers, Principal
Oak Park Academy
Nevada, Iowa
Dear Brother Sowers:
We appreciate your interest in checking on some. of our prospective
graduates of this year. The experience which many of our schools
are having in retaining deans of women has not been good. In that
area we have nothing to offer at this time.
Miss Marolyn Miller listed in our placement brochure is serving as
dean of women at Gem State Academy. Inasmuch as she had only six
hours of college work to complete last spring, we permitted her to
take the job and finish this at a state cO 1lege in Idaho.
For a science and mathematics teacher, we would like to recommend
the name of David Parker. David's parents are in India at this
time serving as missionaries but will be returning next year. In
checking our placement brochure, you will note his picture and it
would be well for you to also check the name of Marilyn Garrison.
This is the young lady to whom he will be married sometime during
the Summe r nonths. Marilyn is finishing in the field of elementary
education and by chance she could secure employment on your campus
or in the area. David Pai rker is a very nice fellow and should be
a respectable teacher. Should you wish a more direct recommendation
from his teachers, you may write to Dr. John Chr istensen, head of
the Chemistry Department or to Dr. H. H. Kuhlman, head of the Biology
Department. These men will be glad to give you a fair evaluation of
his ability.
John Siemens would maie a good teacher but I believe he has not had
sufficient work in the field of education to certify. John could
hardly be beat and we would have no reservationson either of these
men.
There is still another by the name of David Villemain who is
completing his work with a ma Jor in Na tural Science. He will have
had sufficient hours in education to certify. You may wish to get
a careful eval luation of thèse men from some of the science depart-
ment personnel.

--- Page 2 ---
Mr. W. A. Sowers, Principal (Cont'd)
2
In checking the brochure, you. will note the name of Robert
Channe1l who has expressed a desire to be an academy boys'
de an. Bob is a very fine fellow with a good Christian experi-
ence. He may be somewhat of the quiet type but he could very
we1l turn out to be a good boys" dean. I am sure that Kenneth
Davis, our dean of men, could give a very fair eval luation of his
prospects.
We hope it will be possible for you to visit our campus to
interview some of the seniors. We have some fine young people
in the class and you will be most welcome to come to this
campus at anytime.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
gl

--- Page 3 ---
Oak Park Academy
NEVADA, IOWA
PHONE EV 2-4729
BOX 209
SUPERINTENDENT
January 25, 1962
W. M. Schneider
Academic Dean
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Brother Schneider:
As so many of our Academy principals are doing at this time of
the year, I am looking for some outstanding young people to fill
places of responsibility on our staff here at Oak Park Academy.
At the present time it appears that I will perhaps need a Dean
of Women, a Dean of Men, and a Science and Mathematics teacher.
All three of these individuals have done outstanding work in
their fields and I am disappointed that both of my Dean feel
that they should discontinue denominational employment for
either graduate study or for personal advancement and my Science
and Mathematic teacher has a call to the mission field. We
here at Oak Park have endeavored to carry a good strong program
and we will need individuals who hold high standards, who are
well educated, and who are dedicated to God's work.
In looking over your list of prospective graduates I would like
to inquire about the following individuals. For Dean of Boys,
Lewis Bush and Robert Channell. For Dean of Girls, Sandra
Elliott. For Science and Mathematics, David Parker and David
Villemain. It might be that these young people have already
accepted positions of responsibility but if not, I would appre-
ciate your candid evaluation of their ability and devotion to
the work of God and their ideals of Christian behavior. If it
seems advisable I would make a trip to Tennessee to interview
these young people, àfter having looked over their qualifications.
Thanking you for your help in this matter,
I am very sincèrely,
susco
W. A. Soyérs
WAS:djo
