
--- Page 1 ---
April 12, 1963
Mr. Leland Straw, President
Little Creek School
North Shore Drive
Concord, Tennessee
Dear Brother Straw:
We certainly recognize the problem af keeping some of the secondary
students in school for four years before going on with their college work.
Thexe is no doubt but that Miss Costerisan could teach a very good course
in Freshman Composition to such students as would be considered able to
carry college work durling their senior year in the secondary schools.
Our greater concern would be to consider other requests of this nature
that would undoubtedly come to us. We would definitely jeopardize our
standing with the Southern Association if we permitted the teaching of
some of our college program at the various academies in the Southern
Union. We had better decline this proposal lest we get ourselves into
a real bind. We do recognize the probiem and it may be that we should
permit the better secandary students to begin their college program
between the junior and senior year of high school by inviting such students
to come to our campus. We bave read that the University of Kentucky is
starting this procedure to get thesecondary students interested in a
college program. This, of course entails many problems which we are
not presently able to cope with,
Perhaps we can discuss this matter at the time of a Southern Union
Educational meeting.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean

--- Page 2 ---
Cittle Greek School
NORTH SHORE DRIVE
CONCORD, TENNESSEE
PHONE 588-2417
15 March 1963
Wi lbert N. Schneider
Academic Des an
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Schneider:
We are more and more being confronted with
the problem of S tudents trying to get through
the academy in three years. In disaussing
ways of dealing wit th this, it was suggested that
we write the college to find out if it might
be possible to have Miss Costerisan teach
a Freshman Composition class for some Seniors
who could do the work and are restless, so
they would feel they were actually getting
some advantage in the last year. This may be
entirely out of the question, although we have
had this sort of arrangement with Madison in
times pas t when my father was with us.
It is a real problem wi th us when some of our
most capable students try to skip a year when
we have counted on their help, so we are
investigating any avenue: S we can think of
to help us with the si tuation.
Sincerely,
LA
Le. land Straw
President
LS/kes
