
--- Page 1 ---
February 6, 1962
-
Mrs. Grady Sharp
241 Big Springs Drive
Bi rmingham, Alabama
Dear Mrs. Sharp:
In no sense of the word do we wish to heckle you or embarrass
you, Mrs. Sharp, yet it befalls my lot to write an exploratory
Ietter in behalf of Mr. Jim Tucker. You will remember that
we called you in regard to Jim during the month of December.
Jin has had a difficult financial row to hoe, but bless his
heart he has stuck to the guns here and I believe he will make
it through the year if he reçeives additional financial he Ip.
The college has gone a1l out for Jin and he has also helped
himself to the utmost.
At this time Jim stands in need of some financial help in
planning for the semester. We are permitting him the
privilege of continuing his work towards graduation and we
surely hope that it wi1l be possible for him to complete his
work at the end of this year. In spite of the heavy burdens
that have rested on him during this year, Jim has done very
acceptably in his school program. His wife has not been too
well and for a time was with her mother. I understand she is
back now.
If it is at all possible for you to give some assistance to
Jim, he will greatly appreciate: it and of course we will also
be grateful to you for your kindness. Certainly we are not
anxious to push this matter but if you find it in your heazt
to assist him, we would be pleased to know about it. Jim
would write to you personally at this time but of course he is
somewhat embarrassed over the matter. If your response is in
the affirmative, he shall surely get in touch with you immediately.
I write you because you gave me to unde rstand in December that
we should again approach you after the first of the year. We
knew that you were heavily committed to a1l sorts of projects
and people and for that reason, we hesitate to even come to you
with this additional financial matter. We wha 11 be pleased to
hear from you in the near future.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
g1
Academic Dean
