
--- Page 1 ---
April 3, 1963
Miss Daisy Schluntz
11170 Rositarita Drive
Loma Linda, California
Dear Daisy:
We appreciate your letter of inquiry and I shall endeavor to answer
the questions which you raised pertaining to your salary status and
living accommodations. Firxst of all let me say that we are experiencing
one of the most beautiful spring seasons I have ever had the privilege to
enjoy. Spring, of course, is bursting out all over and the dogwood
throughout the hills are making the earth happy. This is a very beautiful
country in the spring time throughout the summer and also in the fall.
Perhaps it wouid be the best policy for you to take an apartment for the
first year and should you desire to build thereafter, it would be possible
for you to select a site in the new housing development area, which by
the way is golng to be one of the finest in the Cellegedale valley. We
would certainly try our best to find apartment facilities to your interest.
Southern Missionary College has laeen interested in the members of the
faculty owaing their own homes. This seems to bring in a great deal of
stability.
It is entirely possible that our colleges could not match the salary scale
nor the gratuities of our medical units. This represents the unreasonable-
ness of a dual program. We would, of course, pay you the top salary for
a lady as head of a department with the academic rank of professor. This
in the General Conference booklet is $68 per week. Enclosed is a summary
of the financial policies pertaining to faculty members and staff which you
may peruse at your leisure. Some of these policies do not interest you
bot others are vitalto your welfare.
The college would move whatever furniture you have and I might add that
new furniture costs considerably less back here, expecially with the
local Adventist outlets giving us special rates. For instance some of the
furniture we have bought at Barker Brothers on sale in San Bernardino at

--- Page 2 ---
Miss Daisy Schluntz (Contd)
2
$50 a unit such as end tables and a coffee table were priced to us here
at around $32 a unit. In fact, the window piece we wère able to secure
at $26. As you may note, the college would pay you seven cents a mile
for deriving over plus lodging and a $5.00 per diem rate to cover your
meal costs, etc. You would be eligtble for a curtain allowance and the
medical policy is the General Conference policy as applied in all of our
institutions. Should you choose to subscribe to Blue Cross and Blue
Shield coverage, the college would pay one-half of such a policy. As
full professor and head of a department, you would receive $30 a month
travel allowance which, af course, may be interpreted as automobile
depreciation. The college would also pay one-half of your automobile
insurance. The other policy that would pertain to your travel while here
and attendance at professional meetings you may peruse at your leisure.
As you can resdily see, Southern Missionary College deals very fairly
with le's teachers. In fact, Southern Missionary College has through the
years dealt more fairly with it's teachers than a mimber of our larger
colleges, including Walla Walla and EMC. Perhape this is the reason
why we do have an entcellent staff.
The old south is not as poor as it used to be. We have our contrast in
the south, but since industry has been moving in at a rapid pace during
the last twenty years, the Bouth Das come up a great deal. Of course
there are many people in the south that perfer not to have it changed.
Industry has always brought with it certain problems that destroy the
soul of a people or a country. OurUnion Gonference heavily subsidizes
this college both for capital expansion and operating needs. We are one
of the most heavily subsidized colleges in the denomination and this, of
course, is due to the fact that Southern Missionary College began as &
senior college shortly after World War n started. The building needs
here axe great, but thst is true every where. We have been putting up
one new structure each year. Next Tuesday we have scheduled the
opening ribbon-cutting ceremony for our new shopping center which is a
beauty. The super market will be a very pleasant place to shop and then,
of course, we have the College Mercantile, College Distributors, The
Credit Union, a beautiful cafe, a barber shop, beauty parior, washateria,
Book and Bible House, insurance office, and post loffice in the entire unit.
Ie is beautifully designed with a California type of mall. Our next. structure
will be a new gymnasium which we may begin next fall. This depends on
pxesent plans for raising money.
I will not ramble on any longer, but we hope that you give serlous
consideration to this invitation and that it will be possible for you to let
us know very soon whether you can join our group. Doctor Rees is very

--- Page 3 ---
Miss Daisy Schluntz (Contd)
3
anxious to have you join us and of course you know that we would be
delighted to have all of you out there join our society.
Cordially,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
gi
P.S. Ihave checked with Mrs. Dorothy Christensen regarding
the teaching of the Institutional Management classes such as
Quantity Cookery and Institutional Management and am told that
Mr. John Schmid: dur food service director has not been teaching
these classes. John does not have his degree but is taking these
classes in residence.
W.M.S.

--- Page 4 ---
Friday P. M.
Dear Wilbert,
I wrote one letter and didn't mail it. I'11 try again. No
doubt I should write this to President Rees but this is easier
and I don't have to be so formal.
Hous ing is uppermost in my mind since this bus iness of selling
a house and moving seems like a mount tain to me. I do have some
furniture which I think I better take with me if I come. Will the
college move a si ingle lady? Don't have a great deal as you know
but selling furniture isn't very profitable. I would just t love
to have a house of course, if one were available. I could be
intel rest ted in building one if after a year or so my work could prove
to be satisfactory and my services a contribution to the college
but I better hang my hat aroung awhile to see. Don't think I would
be interes ted in living with anyone I didn't know. Guess I'm too
independent. Think I could settle for an apartment if it weren't
too small.
Alma says I better ask about the salary. We have always heard
how poor Southern is. Money isn't the only thing of course and perhaps
my st tandard of living is higher than it should be for one like me, but
I'm comfortalbe this way.
Does the Food Service director at the Cafeteria teach the
Institutional Management classes? These are quite important for
budding dietitians and it is a little hard to get them across without
cooperation from the Caf feteria.
Would I have the rank of full professor which I had before I left
Walla Walla?
All is quiet here. The "big-wigs" are in the easi t and I haven't
had the courage to tell Lydia. Thought I would give her a quiet week-end.
She migh t have a heart attack. She is losi ing the dietitian at the
Cafeteria in June and has not as yet found anyone to replace her. My
job is eas: ier to fill,however.
I am trying to convince Alma to get t her mas ter's. She has a
hard time making up her mind about anything.
Thanks so much 3 Wilbert, for your confidence in me. Give my love
to the family and tell me everything you th ink I ought to know to
help me make che righ t decis ion.
With kind regards,
-
tlt
hulo
Thavel- 30,00
Hone emsers - 25.00
