
--- Page 1 ---
April 10, 1962
Mr. L. C. Stannard, Principal
Greater Miami Academy
3100 N.W. 38th Ayenue
Miami 42, Florida
Dear Brother Stannas rd:
I have checked the record of Dorothy Walden whon we accepted
prior to her completion of four years in the academy. Dorothy
has done exceptionally we1l from a scholastic point of view
and I presume that she has given us no trouble socially speaiing.
At least her name has not come to our attention. Not being too
well acquainted with her, I do not know Whether she is fitting
in socielly but it seems that she has had little oE no difficulty.
It is true that she must still complete the Spanish II by cor-
respondence. This we should have asked of her before registration.
I an not sure what the basic problem may be regarding her coming
to this campus. Me are always anxious to coope rate with the
schools and their policies and of course there may be the probiem
of maturity. I did not avail myself of the opportunity of securing
a more complete eplanation of what you were referring to as having
constituted a great mistake. At your leisure I would appreciate
a note in regard to this matter inasmuch as it may guide our
Judgment in the future.
If at anytime a confiict of policy appears, wre shall be pleased
to hear from you for it is our intent that we cooperate fully.
It is difficuit of course for our college to take an absolute
position because of the fact that we could very well lose some
of our best students to our other colleges inasmch as they
continue to take students with 16 or more units or graduation.
This places Southern Missionary College in a very hard position.
Bven so, we have not had too great a probien and as far as I know,
the three students mentioned at Pisgah, two of whon came to us
from Highland, were the only ones involved. One of the students
did graduate with a diploma from his local high school after hav-
ing transferred his credits from Highland Academy to the high
school. Certainly this clears him as far as college policy is
concerned.

--- Page 2 ---
Mr. L. C. Stamard, (Cont'd)
2
I wish to congrat tulate you on your nomination to serve as
Educational Secretary of the Carolina Conference. You wi1l
do a good job for then and we hope we can be of help to you
in a reciprocal manner inasmuch as you will be even more
closely associated with this college.
Very sincerely yours,
Wi Ibert M. Scheider
Academic Dean
gl
