
--- Page 1 ---
June 12, 1962
Mr. Nick F. Senter
Personnel Director
Southern Chemical Cotton Company
Chattanooga 10, Tennessee
Dear Mr. Senter:
We appreciate your interest in securing the services of a
chemist with a B. S. or a M. S. Degree. Although we had
five men graduate this spring with a chemistry major, a1l
have now been placed. Four of the men are entering medical
or dental school next fa1l and the fifth is going to teach
int the state of Maryland.
Perhaps in another year, should you still have a need, it
would be possible for us to interest a man in your type of
operation.
In checking our past graduates, we have unearthed nothing
that would satisfy your needs. I am thinking of one individual
who is presently employed by another firm in Dalton, I believe.
His father, Dr. Everett Watrous, is on our staff and I shall
try to make contact with the young man through his father.
Should he have an interest in changing firms and positions,
I shaill have hin get in touch with you.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Açademic Dean
gl

--- Page 2 ---
SOUTHERN CHEMICAL COTTON COMPANY
INCORPORATED
CABLE ADDRESS
CHEMCOT
CHATTANOOGA IO,TENNESSEE
June 7, 1962
Placement Office
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Gentlemen :
Our company is interested in employing an individual with
either a B. S. or M. S. degree in chemistry or chemical
engineering if the latter has carried with it a strong back-
ground in chemistry or in pulp and paper technology.
We have in the last two years expanded our facilities beyond
the normal cotton linter pulp processing facilities to include
a modern specialty paper mill. Our Research Department needs
aggressive personnel, and we will offer the salary commensurate
with the person's background.
Our benefits will equal or better those of any of our competi-
tors; and being a one-plant operation, our employees do not
have the possibility of transfer.
If you have an individual that you would like to recommend or
inform of this opening, we would be most grateful if you would
do so. Simply ask him to send his academic and work resumes,
together with a recent photograph, to the writer.
Your help in this effort will be greatly appreciated.
Sincerely yours,
Nck7
Nick F. Senter
Personnel Director
NFS/pw
CC : Professor John Christensen
CELLULOSE IN ITS PUREST COMMERCIAL FORM
