
--- Page 1 ---
110 North Main Street
Cortland, New York
June 17, 1960
Dr. C. N. Rees, President
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Rees:
Thank you for your letter of inquiry dated June 15. As you
may, or may not, have been informed, I received my Ph.D. in the
field of vertebrate zoology from Cornell University this month.
My training has been in the natural history branch of zoology;
i.e., taxonomy (marmalogy, ornithology, herpetology, ichthyology),
ethology (behavior), and taxonomic botany.
Originally my plans were to teach in one of our senior colleges
or, finding no opening there, to try to obtain a position in the
U. S. Fish and Wildlife Service or the National Park Service.
Apparently, the only denominational position open at the pre-
sent time is at Oakwood College in Alabama. This position entails
teaching in every branch of biology except the ones I have been
trained in. They offer none of the courses listed above except tax-
onomic botany. I have not rejected the offer to join their staff,
but will wait until the several letters outstanding to the govern-
ment services mentioned above have been answered and evaluated. I
also have an offer of a position with the State of Hawaii as an
Animal Ecologist that bears consideration. I will frankly admit
that the curriculum set-up (geared to pre-medical, pre-dental, pre-
nursing, etc. exclusively) and the geographic location of Oakwood
do not meet with much enthusiasm on my part.
I received my B.A. and M.A. from Walla Walla College in Wash-
ington and spent about two and one-half years teaching biology,
general science, and Nèw Testament History at Solusi Missionary
College in Southern Rhodesia (1954-1957).
The above constitute my qualifications, opportunities, and
plans to date in brief. I would appreciate hearing from you at your
earliest convenience regarding the status of the natural history
department at S.M.C. and your plans for it and for any personnel you
may consider hiring in the near future. Would also appreciate having
a copy of your Bulletin for the coming academic year.
Thank you for your interest and consideration on my behalf.
Sincerely yours,
le
D. R. Seidel.
