
--- Page 1 ---
May 17, 1959
Mr. Gerald A. Swayze
410 A Harrison
Kansas City 6, Missouri
Dear Gerald:
I have your letter of recent date regarding the circumst tances
surrounding the visit of Doctor Peach to our campus on the morning
of April 28. I placed the mnain facts of the case in the hands of
Doctor Rees to forward to Dr. Peach, but on inquiring today I found
that he has not yet dictated a letter. I an explaining the circun-
stances to you, and I think you will agree that wbile it is unfortunate
that things turned out as they did yet it certainly was a combination
of circumstances that came about not because anyone particularly was
to blame but possibly because too many people had a finger in the
pie and what is everybody's business is sometimes nobody's business.
The original move to have a doctor of osteopa thy coine to the campus
was made through Virginia Arwood, the president of the biology club,
who contacted a Doctor Pettit in Cleveland to come to the campus
to address the club. However, instead ef his coming in person he
arranged for Doctor Peach to come in his plece since there was to
be a convention of osteopaths in Chattanooga at that time.
I find nour that the biology club met subsequently and decided not
to have Doctor Pettit come to the campus but failed to notify him
to that effect. However, they did te1l Doct tor Pettit that if they
decided to finalize arrangenents for him to come they would notify
him. The understanding was that if they did not notify hin the
whole plan was off. Of course, they did not notify hin and the
biology club felt that he should have known that the services of
an osteopathic physicianvere not necessary. They considered that
they had canceled the whole plan since they had not notified him
of any definite appointment.
In the meantime, Doctor Pettit called me to arrange the time for
the meeting and I, not being. informed by the biology club that they
had given up the whole idea, arranged for a time for Doctor Pettit
to come, for he told me that he had contacted Miss Arwood and that
everything was favorable to his coming to the campus. This of course
was not the case according to the understanding. No arrangenents
were made through my office other than setting the time because
Doctor Pettit gave the impression that the only thing for me to
do was set the time and date. I arranged a tine on Thursday

--- Page 2 ---
Mr. Gerald A. Swayze
2
May 17, 1959
when the students wouid. be free since we do not have chapel on that
day and have left the time open for special meetings.
In a later letter to me Doctor Pettit mentioned the fact that Doctor
Peach would appear as guest speaker. I, of course, took it for
granted that Doctor Pettit was in touch with the biology club and they
understood what was taking place, but it seens that Doctor Pettit
took it out of their hands and dealt directly with me. I should
have checked with the biology club to see if he was authorized to
deal with me and arrange a time.
When the gentiemen arrived on the day appointed I went to the chapei
to see that everything was in order and that the proper people were
assembled, and to my consternation found the chape1 completely empty.
It was only then that I contacted Virginia Arvood by telephone and
for the first time learned the story of the cancellation of the plan.
It was naturally very embarrassing to me since they had come all the
way out frem Chattanooga for that purpose. I expressed my profound
regrets severel fimes to Doctors Peach, Campbe1l, land Pettit. (Doctor
Campbe1l is an Adventist osteppath from Bradford, Tennessee, who had
also come along.) I volunteered to arrange a time the same evening
but they said that it was impossible since they had commitments at
the convention which would not allow then to come back. I also
volunteered to arrange for Doctor Pettit to come at a later time, and
this he seemed to accept as a suitable arrangement. I mmist say that
Doctor Peach was very considerate and did not make himself unpleasant
in any manner. Doctor Campbe1l, however, wrote a letter subsequently
and was quite bitter about the whole thing.
The failure of course tras in the lack of communication bet tween the
biology club and myself. Also, I cannot blame the biology club
for they did not bave any way of knowing that Doctor Pettit had
contacted me for they supposed that everything was off as far as
the plan was concemed. If anyone is to blame, I would say it
is Doctor Pettit for going over the head of the biology club and
arranging personally with me a time for the meeting. Surely he
must have understood the arrangement with the biology club to the
effect that if they did not contact him further the plan was cancelled.
I an not blaming anyone, but I think the point should be made clear
that theze is no fault except a lack of communication between the
various parties concerned. Naturally on the spur of the noment
when Doctor Peach was here it was impossible to get a group together
because they were scattered all over the campus and it was the only
bour of the day when they could meet. As I said, I offered to
arrange another time that day, but they could not come out again.
This seems rather complicated I know, but if you read. it carefully
I believe you can see the whole picture. It was just one of those

--- Page 3 ---
Mr. Gerald A. Swayze
3
May 17, 1959
unfortuna te things where several people slipped a cog and a11 together
it made an unfortunate situation. However, I don't believe that the
college there should feel that we were deliberately making things
unpleasant for them. We feel just as bad about it as they do--and
perhaps we feel worse.
I placed these facts in Doctor Rees" hands So that he could write
to Doctor Peach, but I see that he has not done So. The next time
I see him I will urge hin to get a letter off to Doctor Peach, for
I an sure we do want to explain to hin so that he wiil not fael
it was just carelessness.
I think that you khow me we1l enough to knoww that not for the world
would we do anything nowingly oz deliterately that ropld embarrass
our Seventh-dey Adventist students there. It a1l points up one,
fact that here at Sotsthern Missionary College students assuma
great responsibility but sometimes fail and then it 16 the staff
and the administration that have to take the blane. In other schools
clubs do not act independently but only throuph the administration
and then there is not the 1ikelihood of misunderstancing or failure
of communication to occur.
Sincerely yours,
G. E. Shaniel
Academic Dean
ja

--- Page 4 ---
410 A Harrison
Kansas City 6, Missouri
May 15, 1959
Dr. George Shankel, Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dr. Shankel:
I am writing this letter in behalf of the thirty-two Seventh-
Day Adventist medical students here at the Kansas City College
of Osteopathy and Surgery, and in particular for those of the
above who are either alumni or former students of Southern
Missionary College.
We are quite dist turbed and embarrassed to hear of the unfortunate
result of the meeting of the pre-professional students of
Southern Missionary College with Dr. Peach, the President of
the Kansas City College of Ost teopathy and Surgery which was to
have taken place on the morning of Tuesday, April 28, 1959. It
is our understanding that Dr. Peach and the physicians who
accompanied him went out of their way considerably to make this
meeting possible. There can be no doubt that Dr. Peach and his
group were very much disappointed to find upon arrival that the
students apparently knew nothing of his scheduled appearance. I
am also quite confident that many, if not all of the pre-professional
students at Collegedale, would have been very interested in such
a meeting.
I would like to draw your attention to the fact that the Administrators
of the Kansas City College of Ost teopathy have a very favorable
impression of Seventh- -Day Adventist students as well as a high
regard for Seventh-Day Adventist undergraduate schools. It goes
without saying and I am sure you will agree that incidents of this
nature are decidedly harmful to the atmosphere which now exists.
Dr. Shankel, we are all desirous of knowing what happened to cause
the failure of the meeting in question. We would certainly
appreciate it if you would find out who is responsible and have
them write an apology to Dr. Peach. Certainly that is the least
that could be done to assure good relations between our schools.
In closing, I would like to thank you in advance for your consideration
in this matter. I would also like to insert in here that my wife
and I have followed the progress of SMC this year (via the Southern
Accent) and we are happy that things are going so nicely. I shall
be waiting to hear from you.
Very Sincerely,
Gerald A. Swayze
GAS:as
