
--- Page 1 ---
ANDREWS UNIVERSITY
BERRIEN SPRINGS, MICHICAN
SCHOOL OF GRADUATE STUDIES
DEPARTMENT OF HISTORY
February 27, 1961
W. M. Schneider, Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dean Schneider:
Thank you for your letter of recent date. Possibly
I can throw some light on the matter of Stanley Showalter's
excessive class absences last year.
The absences resulting from running into the fire were
only a small part of the total picture. He had many absences
from other illnesses, mostly colds. However, I think most
of his absences were because of his editorship of the school
paper, an undertaking which he took seriously and succeeded
in raising the status of the paper sO that it came second
in rank for last year. I believe Stanley has a. lot of
public spirit and is generally active in too many projects.
He has had a health problem for years which was
thought for a long time to be of a tubercular nature but
since discovered to be something else. However, on
extreme exertion such as the fire incident he has very dis-
tressing symptoms. It was under that circumstance that
I asked him to remain in bed for a day or two.
As you may see by his records he has a percentile
rank on the ACE test of some 97 or 98 as I recall, sO that
he can miss a great deal and still get a fairly respectable
grade. I do not condone such a practice but merely state
the facts. He, of course, exceeded the absence limit in all
classes according to the policy, but I suppose an academic
policies committee has the privilege of granting exceptions
to the rule, with perhaps a reduction in grade.
With the lapse of time I do not remember all the
details of what grades were allowed and which were not.
The Registrar's records ought to show that. In all prob-
ability he had about the same percentage of absences in
all subjects. Only the teacher's records, however, would
prove that. Being Dr. Watrous' reader, Stanley may have
taken advantage of having a higher percentage of absences in
his class. That I do not know.
6
e

--- Page 2 ---
W..M. Schneider, Dean
Southern Missionary College
Page - 2
I believe this expresses briefly the kernel of the
situation. I trust that your committee will have wisdom
to deal aright. This semester he is able financially to
take a full load of 19 hours for the first time, and he
is having a fine time and doing well, with no extra-
curricular weights around his neck.
Most sincerely yours,
G. B. Shankel
GES:bd
