
--- Page 1 ---
March 2, 1960
Mr. Mark P. Stumpf
Assistant Secretary
Joseph Collins Foundation
15 Broad Straet
New Tork 5, New York
Dear Mr. Stumpf:
Thank you for your letter of February 26 re garding Vermon Corbett
Sparks, who is attending the College of Medical Evangelist, Loma Linda,
California.
Vernon Sparks was a very satisfactory student uhen he was with us,
He has a high scholastic aptitute and graduated here with a grade point
average of 2.54 out of a possible 3. This young man is of undoubted
character and is one who enjoys the finer things of life. In a matter
of personality, I would characterize hin as being rather on the quiet
side. Not the extrovert type, but one attending to business and getting
the job done. He is a serious minded young man and is one who attends
strictly to business.
I an not fully acquainted with the matter of his financial necessity
except to sey that when he was a student here at this college he was &
hard-vrorking student, helping himself through school which would indicate
that he does not have a large financial backing. I an sure that his
people are not people of any considerable means for he gave no indication
while here of being one that was in the money class by any means. I am
sure with the added cost of medicsl school that he finds it quite impos-
sible to finance himself fro his own family or personal funds.
Trusting that bhis will be a sufficient statement to meet the
need and assure you. that this young man is one of very fine ability and
character, I am
Very sincerely yours,
G. E. Shankel
Acadenic Dean
GES:pan

--- Page 2 ---
faypbbbolins Sundation
15 Sbroad freet
M3k5Kg
February 26, 1960
Mr. G. E. Shankel, Ph. D.
Academic Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Re : Vernon Corbett Sparks
The College of Medical Evangelists
Dear Mr. Shankel: :
The above named student has applied to this
Foundation for financial assistance while attending
medical school, and has given your name as a reference.
Before the Trustees consider the application,
2.54
they would like to hear from you with regard to the
student's aptitudes, scholastic rating, character, per-
sonality and cultural interests.
If it is within your knowledge, they would
also appreciate a statement as to the necessity of the
S tudent's obtaining financial assistance in order to
continue in medical school.
Assuring you in advance of the Trustees' ap-
preciation of your cooperation in this matter, I am
Very truly yours,
Mark P. Stumpf,
Assistant Secretary
