
--- Page 1 ---
October 21, 1958
Elder M. J. Sorenson
West Indian Training College
Mandeville, Jensica
Dear Brother Sorenson:
Thank you for your good letter received yesterday. It
is a bit of a surprise to knowu that you are leaving earlier
than intended. However, I can see the situation, and I
Suppose Brother Sowers felt that he wanted to be there
near the beginning of the school year in order to get
in touch with things. I do hope that he will make a
real success there.
I shall be very happy to visit with you when you get
here concerning the progress toward senior college
status and any other news that is of interest to us
even though it has been sone time since we left.
We have a pretty full school this year with 560 college
students enrolled. We are utilizing homes outside the
dormitory to accommodate the overfiou and also every
guest zoon we have, so we are quite full up. However,
there are homes in the community that have guest rooms
available, 50 you will not have any difficulty in
finding accommodations when you arrive in Collegedale.
I certainly hope that you are successful in selling
your hone. The family that is in the house at the present
tine I feel will not take too good care of it if I can
believe sone of the reports that I have heard, so I trust
that you will be able to dispose of it in good time.
We have Just concluded a wonderful week of prayer with
Bider Minchin of the M. V. Departent and many have
remarked that it was the best week of prayer they had
experienced for many a long year. The degree of
consecration shown by the students was very outstanding
indeed, and we only hope that this will continue.

--- Page 2 ---
Elder M. J. Sorenson
2
October 21, 1958
My family is away in New York connected with the fall effort
up there although the wife is here at the present moment
getting some furniture for the apartment up there, s0 we
are having a couple weeks together, and I an expecting to go
up for the Thanksgiving vacation, so we will not be separated
for more than a sonth at a time at least. She will stay
there until Jamuary, and that will be the end of this
program we have been on for the last couple of years of
being separated for several weeks at a time.
With kind regards, I am
Sincerely yours,
G. 5. Shankel
Academic Dean
Ja
