
--- Page 1 ---
Southern MISSIONARY COLLEGE
Collegedale fennessee
May 11, 1960
Dr. G. E. Shankle
Dean, S.M.C.
Collegedale, Tenn.
Dear Dr. Shankle:
I wish to express my sincere thanks to you and the administration for
giving me the opportunity of teaching the class in printi ing for the Academy
this past school year. It has been very enlightening for me and I know
that the experience in this capacity will never be regretted. I feel that
it has been a successful year for both teacher and students,
Knowing how difficult it is to obtain sufficient; ky trained workers, I
would like to make an earnest appeal for *k a stronger and more complete
training and instruction program in this field. We need to begin in the
junior and senior years of the Academy with a training program that will
prepare them for more advanced work by the tige they reach the college
level. Then--and in most eases it is only then-can the be ready to assume
responaibilities in the Press itself in a working capacity.
(This brings another item I might mention in passing--and that is
Academy printing. It would be well to have this progrem in the higher
grades levels than the freshman and sophomore year as it is now. The
fres shmen just hairen't had time to adjust to the more aetive requirement: 8
demanded by the academy life. They need a year or two to get over the
milk of the elenentary school level. Sophomore year is better but then
there is a two-year lapse before they can possibly put their knowledge
into practice and by that time they have more or less forgotten most of
the things they have learned and it's almost as bad to have to retrain
them completely.)
We are greatly handicapped in the print ing laboratory with the dis-
tressing lack of decent equi pment with which to train our young people.
As important as the publishing work is to our denomination's growth and
stability, yet we have to try to teach our youth with just the barest
essent: ials and some of these are worn out and out-dated, It's dis-
heartening to have to cover some of the tertbook material and not even
have the groundwork for the students s0 that they can understand the
processes involved. It's like trying to feed a starving man with pictures
from a magazine--there is just no nourishment.

--- Page 2 ---
Southern MISSIONARY COLLEGE
Collegedale fennessee
We are spending huge sums of money on buildings, parking areas, a
$30,000 playgroupd--all of these are importent. But isn't it just as
important to teach our young people how to work 80 that they can be the
ones to propulgate the me 8 sage in the future?
My plea can be Summed up in a few recommendations which I would like
to list here:
1. In addition:.to the basic fundamentals of printing, have a broader
printing program with emphasis on modern processes and techniques.
This will call for:
2. A small amount of new equipment to properly give practical ex-
perience in the realm of offset printing and linotyping. Even a
small multilith or similar machine will give opportunity for
sufficient theory and practice. (I have not gone into detail here
but attached is a list of equipment I feel we need to round out
our program.)
3. By all means teach a linotype course because this is very es-
sent: ial in our publishing work and particularly here at our own
College Press.
4. Naturally, all this would call for an experienced teacher who
could take all phases of the se aforementioned recommendations and
give a well-rounded course of study in all fields.
Erpensive? Probably sO--but not nearly as expensive as letting our
industrial phase of this eollege fail. Really, would a thousand or two
dollars bee too much to invest in our denomination's future? Please
consider these items seriously and do all you can to further the interest
of the printing industry here in our own college.
Thanks again for the privilege of serving the sehool this year and
I shall be happy to discuss this further if you desire to do sO.
Very truly yours,
Dan D. McBroom
c/ Harry Hulsey

--- Page 3 ---
Southern MISSIONARY COLLEGE
Collegedale ennessee
The following equipment is needed, I feel, to fully cover the
recommentations within enclosed:
1. New Type--this is a MUST!
2. Replace present type stands and cases with something just a
little more odern--not necessarily the latest steel models.
3. A small paper cut ter--hand model. This is very suitable for
laboratory work and gives the student erperience in the
handling of paper stock.
4. A small bench model saw would allow for a more complete in-
struction on laboratory work--making possiblg the efficient
training needed for makeup of complicated forms.
5. A Linotype machine for the teaching of ltnotype classes.
(We have this old one at the Press which could be fixed up
suitable for training if the admini stration and the press
could agree on conditions.)
6. A small offset press Multilith or similar) for instruct: ion
in this important phase of the industry.
7. It would be well (but not essential) to have a small silk 
screen process outfit for laboratory practice in this phase.
It may be w81l to note that offset lithography is the fastest
growing pfhase of the printing industry today. It is therefore
neces sary that we give the students a better background in this field
than just a paper theory as heretofore.
