
--- Page 1 ---
March 15, 1964
Mr.W.A. Sowers
Oak Park Academy
Box 209
Nevada, Iowa
Dear Mr. Sowers:
I appreciate your interest in our 1964 graduates. Unfortunately, I
do not have a married man with a major in accounting who is presently
available for placement.
Mr. Tom Whitehouse, however, is a very capable student and a mature
individual. He is older than most seniors as you have probably noticed
from our placement brochure. He has a major in accounting with a
minor religion. He is very interested in going into denominational work
and although he is single, he seems to be very stable and mature. I
would suggest that you get in contact with Mr. Whitehouse directly if
you should be interested in him. You can contact him in the men's
residence hall by phoning 396-3131.
II may be of any further assistance, please feel free to contact me.
Very sincerely yours,
J. W. Cassell, Jr.
Academic Dean
gi

--- Page 2 ---
Oak Park Academy
NEVADA, IOWA
BOX 209
EV 2-4729
BUPERINTENDENT
March 3, 1964
Placement Bureau
Columbia Union College
Takoma. Pari: , Maryland
Dear.Sirs:
I have received your information sen t out regar diing the
1964 graduates from your college but I am coming to you
requesting some information or some recommendation regard-
ing S Omeone that might fill a position at Oal: Parks
Acadeny.
We hadi hoped that we would not have too much of a turn over
in our staff but it appears that we will Cefinitely be
needing a. man in the office to act as assistant treast urer
and accountant. We have had a. very good man for the past
two years, but I have found that he is interested in goiing
into private industry and therefore, we need S omeone who
can carry the responsibility of making of monthly statements,
taking care of all the accounting in the school, and assist
in tl he business angle of our academy. Our academy is
rather small with an enrollment of about 150, very beauti-
fully located in the center of the state of Iowa. We
have a considerably amount of accounting work because we
operate a 500 acre farm, a broomshop, a commercial laundry,
and also a press. With these industries it is quite a
chore to take care of all the business necessary. Even
with all this, it is not quite a full time job for someone
who uses some student help, therefore, I would like some-
one wbo could teach at least one class in the mathematics
or S: ome other related field. I would prefer a married man
as I think it would stabalize the progr: am more fully.
I an wondering what you might suggest from your list of
graduates or if you have anyone that you think would be
interested. I would appreciate hearing from you by return mail.
Thanking you for your cooperation in this matter, I am,
Very sincerely,
-
darucrs
W. A. Sowers
WAS :rli
