
--- Page 1 ---
December 17, 1965
Prineipal Kenneth Stevart
Collegedale Acadeny
-
Collegedale, Temnessee
Dear Rrother Steart:
be annual meeting of the Board of Regents concened in Washington, Oetober 29w31.
Accordingly the reports of each acadeny seeling now oF continuing denominational
accroditation were studied.
ittedly, no eurrently lnown process of evaluation is Mholly satiafactory, Ia an
effort, hovever, to be as objective as possibie the sane type of inforuation
taining to each school Was used in arriving at the decisions of the Doard. In per- order
that you may better underatand the implications inherent in the action taken regard-
your sehool, we are enclosing a copy o the "Ground Rules," which was
in
 hands of each Board monber, and a aplanation of tuo now actions.
placed
dych his work of revieving our achools annualsy is Ror one purpose, nanely, to assist
adninistrator and his operating board in achieving the kind of exccellence
gested by the Servant of the Lord and befitting a school of God's planning. The mug-
objective is better Christian Sducation for the denonination's youth.
is Department forwards to you the action of the 1963 Board of
Consequently,
-
your achool, with a very real foeling of gratitude to you for Regents pertaining
this direction,
your achievenents
VOTED: Aceredited. Warning on teacher certification, This is
to be a deplorable situation for a teacher education center.
the considered
ment of undergraduate student teachers for the instructional progran, Warning on
employ-
you have questione regarding this action, feel frea to vrite to us.
e groatest single noed is a more careful selection of certified
Probably and
he persistent insitence on teachers" seeting the requirements for teachers denominational
portification.
Lour prayers wi1l continually attend you as we join in this wonderful
of providing education for our young people that is
endeavor
mentally, and physically.
perio-piricmaily,
Sincerely yours,
W. A. Howe, Associate Secretary
WAlrmb
ce: V. W. Becker, D. R. Reese, Charles Fleming Jr.,W. M. Schneider, K,M,Hennedy
