
--- Page 1 ---
&
-
November 7, 1962
-
Mrs. Mel Sturm, ORCMA Board
119 Westlook Circle
Oak Ridge, Tennessee
Dear Mrs. Sturm:
Thank you sincerely for your invitation to attend the first
performance of your orchestra and choral program which
will be a presentation of the opera-oratorio "Samson et
Delilah." Inasmuch as this coincides with an evening Fine
Arts program scheduled for our campus November 17, it
will be impossible for any of our music faculty and student
body to think of attending your fine program.
Perhaps it wot uld be possible for you to extend a rain check
for a future program. This would be our wish. We do hope
that you will have a good turn out to this concert scheduled
at the Oak Ridge High School auditorium the evening of
November 17.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
gl

--- Page 2 ---
7he Oak Ridge Civic Music Aossciation, Yue.
AN INDEPENDENT MUSIC ORGANIZATION
POST OFFICE BOX 271
OAK RIDGE, TENNESSEE
October 31, 1962
Mr. Wilbert Schneider, Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Sir:
The Oak Ridge Civic Music Association is again having
a student educational program in connection with its onchestra
and chorus concerts for the 1962-63 season. High schools and
colleges in this area will receive invitations for their
students and faculty to attend one of our concerts.
The Association would like to extend an invitation
to your school to attend our opening concert, which will be
a presentation of the opera-oratorio T Samson et Delilah".
This will be given in the French concert version and will be
a joint orchestra, chorus and gurst artist concert. The guest
artists are four internstionally active vooalists--oloria
Shafram, Jerold Sien, Sherill Milnes, and William Wolff. The
concert will be held Saturday, Nov. 17, at 8:15 p.m. in the
Oak Ridge High School Auditorium.
Your students and faculty members attending will be
given complimentary tickets at the box office on the night
of the concert. You may determine the number of students and
teachers who will attend, and, of course, you will make any
necessary crensportation arrangements.
We hope that S lerge number of your students will take
adventage of this opportunity to enjoy live classical music.
It will be necessary for us to know the mpproximate numbe er of
people from your school who will sttend so that we can make
seating arrangements. IC the date of this concert conflicts
with a school activity, please advise and we will be happy to
extend another invitation later in the season. Hoping to hear
f'rom you at your earliest convenience; I am
Sincerely your S,
Mga ML banm
Mrs. Mel Sturm, ORCMA Board
119 Westlook Circle
Oak Ridge, Tenn.
Phone 483-5538
P.S. If Mr. hrogsted is still on your faculty, I would
personally look forward to seeing him and Prs. Krogsted. He
might remember me as Pran Alper of the Hamilton County Juvenile
Court.
