
--- Page 1 ---
-
FP FEPK
R 2
# m   BEWA
Washinglo Sarilatiam and Hoapital
TAKOMA PARK
WASHINGTON 12, D.C.
March 7, 1963
Professor W. M. Schneider
Dean of Academic Administration
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale
Tennessee
Dear Professor Schneider:
The enclosed two very interesting letters from Dean W. B. Clark of Loma
Linda University should be read in sequence to be appreciated. They are
self explanatory.
We have a nationally approved School of Medical Technology at the Washington
Sanitarium and Hospital. Our students when graduated may:
1. Continue in the profession of medical technology. There
is a great need for licensed medical technologists in our
hospitals at home and abroad.
2. Take their baccalaureatte degree and enter medical or dental
school. The subjects taught in medical technology are very
helpful to the medical student and to the future physician.
3. Subsequently enter upon graduate training in microbiology,
biochemistry, parasitology, hematology, or histology.
In #2 and #3 above, medical technologists may use their skills to very
considerably augment their incomes during the advanced training phase.
Medical technologists are paid quite well.
During the year spent in the hospital for the medical technology training
(the senior year of college), the student has no tuition expenses or fees.
In fact, each student generally qualifies for a $600.00 scholarship. There
are certain other benefits such as a food allowance, laundry of uniforms
and hospitalization insurance coverage.
We feel certain that there may be students in your college who would be
interested in this program. We accept students for admission to the
School of Medical lechnology in early June and late January of each year .
Further information will be readily supplied if letters are directed to
the Director of the School of Medical Technology.
Sincerely yours,
MD.
William C. Swatek, M.D.
Pathologist and Director of Laboratories
Director of the Sthool of Medical Technology

--- Page 2 ---
THE COLLEGE OF MEDICAL EVANGELISTS
LOMA LINIA AND. 10s ANCRTRE
LOMA LINDA, CALTFORNIA
DEAN OF STUDENTS
July 20, 1960
Willian C. Svatek, M.D., Director
School of Medical Technology
Washington Sanitariu and Hospital
Takoms Park, Washington 12, D.G.
Dear Doctor Swatek:
occasion to
to your letter of July 12, in which you have
I an taking
reply
for admission
inquired concerning the possibility of an applicant qualifying
College
his B. S. Degree from Washington Missionary
to medicine recelving 90
hours of liberal arts credit from the
after having comp let ced semester.
which I hope will serve
college. I shall endeavor to clarify our position
who are interested
adequately as a guide to you in coumseling young people
to medicine.
in obtaining a training in medical technology prior to coming
Walla Walla College has granted a B. S. Degree in medical
For several yeara
Their affilistion is with the University of
technology on a similar basis.
We have accepted a fevr students who have
Oregon and the Portland Senitarium.
have
Perhaps I can
pursued a similar progran to that which you
suggested. current bulletin.
best clarify our posicion by quoting from page 27 of our must have completed
The appropriate statement reads as followe: "The student
present
three academic years in an accredited liberal arts college and must
for
of
seme ster hours before his application
credits for a minimum ninety-six
the Admissions Commitcee."
admission to the freshman class will be considered by
without the bachelor's
This statement implies that we might even accept a student
to requiring the
degree. While this may be possible, the Committee has adhered
from an accredited liberal arts college.
B. A. Degree or its equivalent
questions, I believe there is one possible problem. As far
As I have read your
insist that the applicant present 96 hours
as I an authorized to state, we would
which
are required for
of liberal arts credit rather than the 90
apparently This should present no difficulty
admission to your course in medical technology. load during his first three years of
to the student who pursues a normal course
our
as stipulated
college. Provided that an spplicant fully meets
qualifications Missionary College
in the above quoted st tatement, the B. S. Degree from Washington
this degree
would be accepted with equal ent thusiasn as the B. A, Degree provided in
case.
liberal arts college, which is true your
is granted by an accradited
be understood that our specific requirements must have been
It must, of course,
and under these arrangements the appli-
completed during the first three years basis with applicants with any other mAjor
cant would be coasidered on an equal
concentration.
the student would be considered on the basis of his first
As you have indicated,
average he has accumulated at that point.
three years and the grade point

--- Page 3 ---
Willia G. Swatek, M.D., July 20, 1960, Page 2
Perhaps I sbould introduce one caution that might be applicable in some
instances. There are students vhose grades are marginal at the time they
complete the first three years and as a result are not accepted upon their
firat application. If the senior year's work is of outstanding quality,
some of these students have been able to place themsalves in more favorable
the succeeding year. Our policy bas been that we would not permit a
position
while
technical
studen E to fulfill ay of our specific requirements
pursuing
courses, nor have we included in the over-all grade point average computation
the grades earned in a technical school. This applies to our own School of
Medical Technology at C.M.E. In other words, a st tudent should be sure that
the quality of his work is such that he will meet current competition based
upon his first three years and not depend upon grades earned in technical
courses to raise his grade point average at a subs sequent application.
I hope 1 have made our position clear, but will welcome any addi tional questions
that you may have if I have left soue uncertainty. I would assume that the
student would enroll in the 12-month course of medical technology inmediately
the conclusion of the third school year. If not, there might be an
upon additional complication in that we do require that the student have the
bache lor's degree or ita equivalent in terms of seme at ter hours by June prior
to entering school in September. The purpose of this regulation is two fold.
In the first place, we wish to be assured that three mont ths in adv ance of
the opening of the school year the student will have all of our requiraments
completed to avoid leaving us with some uncertainty and the second reason is
that we believe it is for the . tudent's best interest not to be engaged in
an academic program right up until the time of entering medicine.
Very cordially yours,
W. B. Clark
Denn of Studen te
WBC:sjn

--- Page 4 ---
LOMA LINDA UNIVERSITY
LOMA LINDA
CALIFORNIA
DEAN OF STUDENTS
February 19, 1963
Willia C. Swatek, M.D., Director
School of Medical Technology
Washington Sanitarium & Hospital
Takoma Park, Washington 12, D.C.
Dear Doctor Swatek:
I have re-resd my letter to you dated July 20, 1960,
relating to students who may wish to pursue the course in
medical technology prior to coming to medicine. There has
been no change in our policy or attitude since the time
this letter was written and I detect no particular in which
& change is indicated.
Perhaps it might be emphasized that there undoubtedly will
be increased competition in view of the reduction in the
size of our class in medicine. It has not been determined
as yet what the sise of the next class will be but undoubtedly
it will be reduced below the 82 which we took this year.
The susber 65-70 has been talked but no action hss determined
this as yet. In view of this reduction it would be well to
impress all prospective students with the importance of doing
their best in the first three years of college.
I know of no reason why students should be diecouraged in
pursuing the proposed program. In the event they should not
be accepted to medicine they would be equipped with a training
in the field of medicine which they may use, or 88 you have
indicated, may serve as a background for some other specialized
interest in a related field.
If I can be of further assistance please let me know.
Very cordially yours,
W. B. Clark
Dean of Students
WBC:mms
