
--- Page 1 ---
FFEFR
IT P ix
E RRA
Aa
Washinglon Sanitarium and Hopilal
TAKOMA PARK
WASHINGTON 12, D.C.
March 14, 1963
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Mr. Schneider :
I was rather surprised and pleased to learn from your letter that
Florida Sanitarium and Hospital now has an approved M.T. (ASCP) school
of medical technology. When last I inquired about 12 months ago, they
did not have a school of medical technology. We were also much pleased
to know that you would permit your students to complete their clinical
training in our hospital following the successful completion of which
a baccalaureate degree would be granted. Your confidence in our school
is greatly appreciated.
Sincerely,
MD
William C. Swatek, M.D.
Pathologist
WCS:cm

--- Page 2 ---
Southern MISSIONARY COLLEGE
Collegedale fennesdee
OFFICE QF THE DEAN
March 11, 1963
Doctor William C. Swatek
Director of the School Medical Technology
Washington Sanitarium and Hospital
Washington 12, D. C.
Dear Doctor Swatek:
:
Your letter pertaining to the Medical Technology program at the
Washington Sanitarium and Hospital is most interesting. Also I
appreciate copies of Dean Clark's letter to you explaining the
position of the Loma Linda University in regard to the a cceptance
of students for further professional training who have graduated
from the Medical Technology program with a minimum of 96 hours
earned on a college campus,
We have this year included in our academic program a degree
program in Medical Technology. The clinical work for our degree
will be taken here in Chattanooga with the Erlanger Hospital or
at the Florida Sanitarium and Hospital. We hope the program is
suco cessful and of course we would not hesitate to offer a degree to
a student who would secure his clinical work at the Washington
Sanitarium and Hospital. The student would of course have to
complete the requirements as listed in our bulletin.
Thank you for the information in your letter and we hope that our
program will prove successful.
Very sincerely rours
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
gi
