
--- Page 1 ---
SOUTHERN ASSOCIATION OF COLLEGES AND SCHCOLS
ÇOMMISSION ON COLLEGES
Suite 592 - 795 Peachtree Street, N,E.
Atlanta 8, Georgia
October 1, 1962
Members of the Commi ssi on on Colleges and of The
College Delegate Assembly.
On September 28, 1962, the Executive Council of the Commi ssi on
met in Atlanta to review events of recent weeks in the State
of Mississippi. The Council felt its obligation was to
det termine whether or not the actions of the Governor, the
Board of Trustees of the Colleges, and administrative officers
were in violation of the principles of accredi tation of the
Commission and the Associati on.
As a result of its de liberatic ons, the Counci 1 sent the
attached statement to a number of individuals in Mississippi.
The statement was sent as a tele gram several hours in advance
of a release to the press,
The Council wishes a1l members of the Commi ssion and the
College Delegate Assembly to be informed of thi S action in
detail since it is qui te possible that press and radio have
not given the complete text of the statement. The statement
represents the consensus of the Council members; those who
were not present were contacted by telephone.
Sincerely yours, 3
7 dn 
K
Gordon W. Sweet
Executive Secretary
Enc.

--- Page 2 ---
Telegram - Page 2
September 28, 1962
Sti1l further, there is involved the Constitution of the State of
Mississippi which establishes a Board of Trustees and defines its
responsibilities in the following language : "Article VIII, Section
213-A that such Board sha1l perform the high and honorable duties
thereof to the greatest advantage of the people of the State of such
educational insti tuti ons, uninfluenced by any political considerati ons."
The Counci 1 has reached the conclusi on that the integri ty of the state
instituti ons of higher learning in Mississippi is threatened by this
crisis, des spite earnest efforts by the administration of the University
of Mi ssissippi to protect the institution as far as possible. We do
not find fault with the action of the administrati on, We do, however,
believe that the Board and the Governor have been in error in the
steps taken in this situation, In fact, we find the acti ons of the
Board in surrendering its authori ty and of the Governor in preventing
the administration from following the directives of the Board in
vi olation of the Constitution and Standards of the Southern Associa-
ti on of Colleges and Schools.
We must inform you, therefore, that we sha 11 expect correcti on of
these unwarranted procedures governing the state institutions of
hi gher learning in Mississippi, and assurance from the Board and the
Governor that such unwarranted procedures will not be continued at
the Universi ty of Mississippi or employed at any of the other
instil tuti ons,
The annual meeting of the Commi ssion on Colleges and the College
Delegate Assembly is scheduled for Dallas, Texas, November 26-29.
Unless such assurances have been received prior to the annual meeting,
the Council wi1l regretfully recommend that the state instituti ons
of higher learning in Mississippi be removed from the list of ac-
credi ted colleges and universi ties of the Southern Associati on of
Colleges and Schools at its next printing in the spring of 1963.
It should be emphasized that the admission or non-admission of any
student cannot be considered as correcti on or failure to correct.
The admission or non-admission of students is not the issue for this
Association, Our interest is in the integrity of these
in their ability to achieve their purposes, without undue institutions, political
interference, and in the preservation of their standing in the
educati onal world.
Henry King Stanford
For the Executive Council
Commission on Colleges

--- Page 3 ---
SOUTHERN ASSOCIATION OF COLLEGES AND SCHOOLS
COMMISSION ON COLLEGES
Sui te 592 - 795 Peachtree Street, N. E.
Atlanta 8, Ge orgia
September 28, 1962
Tele gram to Governor Ross Barnett, State of Mi ssissippi, the Board
of Trustees of State Institutions of Higher Learning and to Chief
Executive Officer of Each Institution-under the control of this Board,
Recent press releases and other news coverage of the crisis at the
Universi ty of Mississippi have, of course, come to our attention.
The Executive Secretary of the Commissi on on Colleges of the Souther
Association of Colleges and Schools visited Oxford and Jackson to
ascertain the facts of this complex and difficult affair as nearly
as he could. His report was received by the Council at a cal: led
meeting in Atlanta, Georgia, on September 28. This telegram is to
apprise you of the thinking of the Counci 1 after the report and after
as careful and sympa thetic a review as it could make.
We believe that the Southern Associati on of Colle ges and Schools mus t
be concerned in this matter bec cause of, first, the ob, jective of
Article II, Secti on 1 (e) of its constitution: "To preserve the
integrity of member schools and colleges and serve as a voice for
the profession stimulating desirable developments and speaking
against intolerable or threatening condi ti ons."
We are further concerned because of a porti on of the Statement of
Principles which introduces and is a part of the Standards for
collegiate membership in the Southern Associati on of Colle ges and
Schools as follows: "In the first place the Southern Associati on of
Colleges and Schools is a voluntary organizati on, the instrument of
the instituti ons that belong to it, through whi ch they express their
collective judgment and purposes. It seeks continuously to keep
education close to the realistic needs of changing condi ti ons and to
protect its members from the handicap of temporary forces whi ch mi ght
impede their progress and endanger their servi ces. It welcomes to its
membership, insti tutions that exemplify this spirit and that meet its
standards; it declines to accept as members those institutions that
do not; and from time to time it has dropped from its roll those that
have flagrantly violated its principles. These principles are simple,
self-evident truths that require no elaboration, and are obvi ousi
basic to sound educati on and effective democracy,
derive from 1y
the philosophy distinctive of Ameri ca that to keep education They
free from
political manipulati on is fundamental to the preservation of liberty."
