
--- Page 1 ---
September 29, 1961
Elder J. F. Hamel, Secretary
Publishing Depai rtment
Texico Conference of Seventh-day Adventists
Amarillo, Texas
Dear Brother Hamel:
Your letter of inquiry in regard to Robert Couch comes to us
as somewhat of a surprise. Bob has given MS no trouble and
as far as we Inow, there is nothing in his 1ife that would
prohibit him from going into the canvassing work. We are,
of course, anxious that Bob stay in schob1 in order that he
may prepare himself to be of greater service either as a
literature evangelist oE in whatever avenue of work he wishes
to enter.
Inasmuch as you lave asked us to keep your letter in strict
conf idence, we have only one request to make and that is for
you to encourage Bob to stay by since he has already enrolled
and has gone to a great deal of expense while starting school.
I real lize that you men are anxious to secure all the full
time colporteurs possible, yet we ought to encourage our
younger men to go to college. We here on the campus are only
too anious to have the young men go into the colporteur work
during the sumes r months. This is a tremendous work and I
believe our colporteurs are going to have a special place in
the kingdom. It is neverthe less true that we ought to encourage
our young men to go to college if at all possible. We will not
be tal 1king to Bob about this matter inas smuch as he will detect
your approach to us, but we hope that you will encourage him to
stay by at least for this year.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
g1

--- Page 2 ---
OF SEVENTH-DAY 1522 VAN BUREN STREET
PHONE: DRake 2-8387 - 2-8388
TEXICO
- - ( Lenyonence
ADVENTISTS
BOX1399 = AMARILLO,TEXAS
September 25, 1961
W. M. Schneider
Southern Missionary College
College Dale, Tennessee
Dear Mr. Schneider:
Last summer I was the publishing secretary for the southern part of
Florida, and I had as one of my students Robert Couch, who at
sent I believe is enrolled in Southern Missionary College.
pre-
Just Sunday, I received a letter from Bob, stating that he would
like to come and canvass for me as a full-time literature evangelist.
He had mentioned that the letter was to be in strictest confidence.
He did not mention that he had been in any difficulty but he left
that impression, I am wondering if you could enlighten me on the mat-
ter as to Bob's case and just why he is thinking of discontinuing
school and taking up the literature work.
I have had Bob work for me for two summers, and naturally I will be
interested in helping him in any way that I can.
I will appreciate an early reply from you.
Sincerely yours,
ha
F. Hamel, Secretary
Publishing Department
JFH: sm,
TERRITORY
New Mexico and Eighty-Six
Counties of West Texas
