
--- Page 1 ---
a
THE
- - 7
DANFORTH
FOUNDATION
607 - NORTH GRAND BOULEVARD
ST. LOUIS 3, M ISSOUR
January 2, 1963
Mr. Renald L. Numbers
Talge Hall #221
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Mr. Numbers:
I an sorry that your application for a Danforth Graduate Fellowship has not been
recommended for further consideration by the Reading Committee which met for three
days recently to select candidates for interview.
You may be interested to know that some twenty professors from many institutions,
representing diverse academic disciplines, served on the Reading Coumittee. Each
application was zead by two readers, and in cases of disagreement, by three. Youz
entize application was viewed as a whole. No single aspect, grade, or test score
was given undue weight. The task of the Reading Commictee is hard, for ie usually has
to make tough choices between several strong candidates, and decisions are often close.
This year 1078 of the 1300 nominees completed applications in time for study by the
Committee. Some 300 candidates appeared so promising as to warrant personal interviews.
The final selection of about 100 Danforth Fellows for 1963 will be made in mid-March
by the Advisory Council composed of seven distinguished educators.
You did well to be nominated for this competition. We hope you continue with your plans
to teach. Develop this interest in teaching. American education shares with the rest
of the world an urgent need for the unusually able, dedicated teacher you have every
promise of becoming. Get competent training in your field, learn to know yourself better,
and develop the intellectual and emotional maturity, sincere motivation, capacity to
learn, and elear understanding of your basic religious and philosophical assumptions
and commitments which can help you to become a fine teacher and counselor.
Pursue your graduate education and bzoader learning in preparation for a teaching
aree by all means. IE you need support, many institutional and national grants are
available. General awards are deseribed in Robert Quick, ed., Fellowshipe in the Arts
and Sciences 1963-64, sixth edition, Washington, 1962, or in the briefer mimeographed
compilation by the National Research Couneil's Fellowship Office, A Selected List of
Major Fellowship Opportunities and Aide to Advanced Education, 8 PP., biblio.,
2101 Constitution Ave., N.W., Washington 25, D.C. You'1l find these and Frederic W.
Ness, ed., A Guide to Graduate Study, 2nd edition, Washington, 1960, invaluable guides
to fellowships, graduate schools and departments. Don't overlook departmental grants.
You can also learn much from Bernazd Berelson's Graduate Education in the United States,
N.Y., 1960.
With best wishes for a peaceful New Year,
Sincerely,
Howard A. Reed
Associate Director
cc: College Liaison Officez
