
--- Page 1 ---
a
October 7, 1962
1
Mrs. Dorothy McMahon, Head
University of Souther California
University Park
Los Ange les 7, California
Dear Madam McMahon:
It was nice of you to answer my letter pertaining to Mr. Paul
Holden who is enjoying the benefits of your gzaduate school
under a N.D.B.A. scholarship program. I shouid have known to
whom my letter should have been addressed inasmuch as you were
the one to. administer the Spanish test at the time I was pre-
paring for the doctoral exams S at the University of Southern
Ca lifornia. I believe this took place in the year 1950 or 51.
I enjoyed the work at the University of Southern California and
since it is my alma mater, I have tried to keep up with whatever
news I had been able to get. My major is in the field of Eçonomics
and my dissertation was written in connection with the American
Bankers Association, which was later published by the Public
Affairs Press as a book entitled, "The Américan Bankers Association,
Its Past and Present."
We sincerely appreciate your interest in Mr. Paul Holden and I
do hope that-his problens will be confined to locating a suitable
place for his family. Paul hasa very capable wife with a great
deal of purpose. At the present time she feels seriously hurt
and this is very understandable. I am sure that after you
visited with Mr. Holden, you came to the conclusion that all was
well. This is the impression he would want to leave. and we
sincerely hope that things will work out in that direction. We
would not want you to upset his apple cart at this time, but
perhaps to give him encouragement regarding the establishment of
his family as soon as possible and even then to counsel him from
time to time.
Mr. Holden was involved in considerable indiscretion in his
conduct with a young lady in Mexico last summe: z. This fact he
cannot deny. This took place while his wife and the two littie
boys were with her parents in Virginia after she Jeft San Antonio,
Texas, I believe, where he had left her with friends while going
on with a group from our college. Our Spanish teacher, Miss
Westphal and Mr. Thomann from Pacific Union College in California,

--- Page 2 ---
Mrs. Dorothy McMahon (Cont'd)
that he has certainly glossed over many facts. A11 I can say
is that there are hearts that are deeply injured and as I told
Mr. Holden in my last letter to him, we can only hope for com
plete reconciliation in ordes that he can give his time to his
program as a purposeful young man. Perhaps you wi1l be able to
assist him in establishing closer family ties. Time is a great
healer and even in this case much can be wroughe.
I had several visits last year with Mr. Holden in regard to his
future and of couzse suggested that he apply for an N.D.E.A.
graduate scholarship. Mr. Holden had not always been prompt
in his appointments, but we felt that there was much timber to
work on and perhaps at the same time he wo uld become more mature.
We will cextainly Join you in counse: ling Mr. Holden with the hope
that his future conduct will "prove to be a source of pride and
satisfaction to a1l of us." We hope that the facts mentioned in
this letter wi1l not be revealed, but we felt that you should
have some lnowledge of the background. Unless you have these
facts in hand, I am sure you would have considered us completely
out of place for even Alluding to the problem in a previous letter.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
g1

--- Page 3 ---
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
UNIVERSITY PARK
LOS ANGELES 7, CALIFORNIA
Department of mia-ala-wrtepee
1 October 1962
Dr. Wilbet M. Schneider
Academic Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Dean Schneider:
There was a little delay in your letter's
me as we were not in session at that time.
reaching
Mr.
Thakkyou very much for your concern with respect to
Holden. We, too, are very interested in having
young people enjoy the benefits of our Graduate School upright
of any scholarship aid which they receive from
and
pri ivate sources.
public or
Mr. Holden appears to be a fine young man dedicated
to his religion, to his wife and children, and to his studies.
His desire to find suitable quarters for his
preferably at La Sierra, speaks well for him. Although family,
living so far from campus will probably prove to be
when one considers the hours he will need to use our impractical library
facilities, the fact that he wishes to do so is all to the good.
Mr. Holden has assured us that he has not been
of improper conduct and that he has every intention guilty
a moral life and of being loyal to his wife and
of pursuing
whom he is devoted.
children, to
In view of these circumstances, we believe that it is
only fair that he be allowed to hold the
we all recommended him in good faith.
Fellowship for which
For such a young man, Mr. Holden has conducted
with a remarkable degree of restraint and Chr: istian himself
believe that he mus t be the product of a fine environment. charity. We
Please pray, Dean Schneider, that our decision
to be a wise one and his future conduct will
to wi1l prove
of pride and satisfaction to all of
prove
be a source
us.
Sincerely
Mnpty %m soursm <
aho
Dorothy McMahon, Head
CC to Mr. Holden
