
--- Page 1 ---
April 4, 1961
Mr. J. G. Mehling
Walla Walla College
College Place, Washington
Dear Jake;
It was nice to hear from you even though it was only a request for
information. We sti1l enjoy getting the news from the Northest.
Perhaps we could say about Irene Bewley, of whom you inquired, as did
one of the administrators of one of our colleges when asked about an
individual--"hle camot recommend this individual too highly." Another
standard reply is "If you knew this individuai as we know them, you would
think of them as we do." Seriously, Irene Bewley is over the hill, even
though she does circulate her credentiais as the leaves of autumn. Mr.
Tymeson, of Washington Missionary College, told our program chairman that
they had Irene Bewley for a sma1l group at Washington Missionary College, and
the presentation was anything but a success. According to our program
chairman, Mr. Madgwick, you simply wourd'nt want to touch her with a teal-
foot pole.
Ralph Davidson accepted the presidency of Madison College. At times
he wonders why, but they need help desperately. At present, he is flying
ba ck every week to teach his classes, and this he wili be willing to do for
the first semester of next year if we need him. Of course, Wayne VandeVere
will be back with us, and in another year, George Gott will return to us
after having had a year at the State University of Michigan. George is
presently on our, staff.
We belleve that you will have a good man in Elder Barnes. He was highly
recommended to us, but at the present time we are looking to another individual
whon you lnow well. Gordon Dalrymple is on our campus today looking us over,
and we hope he can join our Bible staff. Gordon, as you remember, is E fluent
speaker and has had several years experience in the field with the added
responsibilities during the past three years of having served as associate
book editos of the Southern Publishing Association.
At the present time we are involved in the building of a new ladies*
dormitory. This wi1l be a very lovely building, and, of course, we have
just recently finished a large addition to our science hal1. The science
facilities are exce: 1lent, and the equipment in the laboratories is
beautiful. We wish we had more money to replace some of the other old
buildings.

--- Page 2 ---
WALLA WALLA COLLEGE
PROGRAM COMMITTEE
COLLEGE PLACE, WASHINGTON
March 29, 1961
Dr. Wilbert Schneider, Dean
Southern Missionary College
Collegedale, Tennessee
Dear Wilbert:
We have had some contact from the manager for Irene Bewley,
a character actress from Knowville, Tennessee. It is our
understanding that she has appeared at Southern Missionary
College and before other Seventh-day Adventist audiences in
the Southeast. Do you know of this lady and have you seen
any of her performances and would you recommend this for a
Saturday evening program sponsored by Walla Walla College?
We will appreciate your good conservative estimation of
this lady's ability, attractiveness, and suitability for
our sponsorship. Tf you do not know of her personally,
perhaps some of your associates in the college might. She
is planning a tour into the Northwest next year, and if her
presentation is suitable, we are considering engaging her.
I just learned that Ralph was leaving you to take on some
headaches over near Madison. I assume that there are some
unsolved problems and he is willing to find the solutions.
Give him my regards and also your family.
We are in the midst of an excellent week of prayer being
conducted by Elder Barnes of the New York Center. He is
getting record attendance at the meetings and the response
is excellent.
We hear good things from Southern Missionary and we, like
you, are looking forward to the soon coming commencement
of another year. Let us hear from you.
Sinçerely,
kt
