
--- Page 1 ---
1
November 19, 1962
a
Dear Woodrow Wilson Fellowship Applicant:
Doctor Arthur B. Dugan, Woodrow Wilson National Fellowship
representative for our area, has informed me that hè has not
yet. received all the information necessary to act upon your
application for a Woodrow Wilson grant. May I encourage you
to get these materials post mariced not latez than November 20.
We hope that your status will soon be changed from that of a
candidate to that of a fellow.
Very sincerely yours,
Wilbert M. Schneider
Academic Dean
gl

--- Page 2 ---
- OODROW WILSON NATIONAL FELLOWSHI P FCUNDATION
Region VII
Arthur B. Dugan, Chairman
The University of the South
Sewanee, Tennessee
November 15, 1962
Dear Camg pus Representative:
Liated below are the Woodrow Wilson nominees from your collegeo A check mark
is placed by the names of those who have sent in some of their materials; a "C"
the applioation is completes I hoj pe that you will encourage those oandidates means
heve not done so to complete their applioatione. The materials muet be
who
not later then November 20th.
postmarked
You will be interested to know that we have had 440 nomi nations from 71
in Region VIT (Arkansas, Kentucky, Mssissippi, Tennessee). Our quota of
collegee
ie about the 88me as last yearo The Regionnl Seleotion Committee will meet fellowshi. for pa
pros
liminary screening December 7 - 10. The candidates who are 1 nvited
eN w5
be notified by December 16th. Interviews will be held
to intervi
11
January 4 - 5 in
January 10 a 11 - 12 in Nashville.
Memphis, azd
Thank you for your good work in promoting the program of recruiting potentiel
college teachers. It is obvious that not all those nomi nated Gan be nelected. Bow-
éver, to have been nominated may challenge a student to undertake graduste work
preparatory to college tesching. Furthermore, to have com peted for a Woodrow Wilson
Pellowship may be helpful to the student in gaining admi ssion to, or in obtaining B
fellowship from, a graduate school. It would be well to
student 8
for aid from other sources, especinlly from the graduate encourage sohools of their ohoices. to spply
If nominees from your school are seleoted for interview, I wi 11 send
B 00
of the interview achedule late in December.
you
Py
Sinoerely yours,
AbB.Auyn
Arthur Ba Dugan
SOUTHERN MISSIONARY COLLEGE
Ronald Number s (x),
Judy Fowler (x)
J ames s Beale (x),
Jon Williams
Marilee Easter &
